
NODE / DIMENSION  484 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['regional', 'castle', 'brunswick', 'international', 'canadian', 'canada']
	 Keywords (300):  ['castle', 'regional', 'town', 'located', 'administrative', 'hill']
	 Concept:         Foreign relations.
     Concept (val):   Locations in different countries that are identified by distinct regions or areas.

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The Republic of the Marshall Islands has established bilateral diplomatic relati...
	 In South Korea, telecommunications services improved dramatically in the 1980s w...
	 Transport in Albania consists of transport by land, water and air, which are pre...
	 The foreign relations of Canada are Canada's relations with other governments an...
	 The heavily indebted poor countries (HIPC) are a group of 39 developing countrie...
	 Halton Hall was an English country house that stood in the grounds of the Halton...
	 Joint premiers of the Province of Canada were the prime ministers of the Provinc...
	 A unit fraction is a positive fraction with one as its numerator, 1/. It is the ...
	 Zaspa-Rozstaje is one of the administrative districts of the city of Gdansk, Pol...
	 Westmount--Ville-Marie was a federal electoral district in Quebec, Canada, that ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['things', 'people', 'view', 'person', 'information', 'hellie']
	 Keywords (300): ['person', 'people', 'self', 'used', 'things', 'truth']
     Concept:        Various subjects.
	 Concept (val):  Abstract Concepts in various fields. 

	 Extreme Articles:
A subject is a unique being that (possibly trivially) exercises agency or particip...
A pollutant or novel entity is a substance or energy introduced into the environme...
Maintainability is the ease of maintaining or providing maintenance for a function...
is a modern Latin phrase meaning "condemnation of memory", indicating that a perso...
In economics, a commodity is an economic good, usually a resource, that has full o...
The rules of Go have seen some variation over time and from place to place. This a...
Manumission, or enfranchisement, is the act of freeing slaves by their owners. Dif...
Suggestibility is the quality of being inclined to accept and act on the suggestio...
A motorjet is a rudimentary type of jet engine which is sometimes referred to as t...
I would like to encourage those who leave these types of banners to ensure that th...
