
NODE / DIMENSION  331 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['rights', 'human', 'organization', 'theatr', 'york', 'essl']
	 Keywords (300):  ['organization', 'rights', 'city', 'group', 'human', 'york']
     Concept:         "diverse cultural and societal aspects".
	 Concept (val):   The overarching concept is "diversity" 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital in New York City, a hub for health care and life s...
	 In archery, the shape of the bow is usually taken to be the view from the side. ...
	 The Worshipful Company of Cutlers is one of the ancient Livery Companies of the ...
	 The Worshipful Company of Pewterers is one of the 110 Livery Companies of the Ci...
	 The Worshipful Company of Woolmen is one of the livery companies in the City of ...
	 Wzgorze Mickiewicza () is one of the quarters of the city of Gdansk, Poland. It ...
	 Singularitarianism is a movement defined by the belief that a technological sing...
	 Harwich Redoubt is a circular fort built in 1808 to defend the port of Harwich, ...
	 Gamelan Son of Lion (GSOL) is a new-music American gamelan ensemble based in New...
	 Human rights in Uganda as a state relates to the difficulties in the achievement...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['financial', 'bank', 'finance', 'money', 'drugs', 'weather']
	 Keywords (300): ['bank', 'financial', 'banking', 'money', 'weather', 'finance']
	 Concept:        Weather
	 Concept (val):  Finance 

	 Extreme Articles:
Snow comprises individual ice crystals that grow while suspended in the atmosphere...
Skywarn (sometimes stylized as SKYWARN) is a program of the National Weather Servi...
In Inuit mythology, Asiaq is a weather goddess (or, more rarely a god) and was qui...
In the United States, banking had begun by the 1780s, along with the country's fou...
In finance, a perpetuity is an annuity that has no end, or a stream of cash paymen...
In investment banking, an arranger is a provider of funds in the syndication of a ...
Fractional-reserve banking is the system of banking operating in almost all countr...
Consols (originally short for consolidated annuities, but subsequently taken to me...
A miser  is a person who is reluctant to spend money, sometimes to the point of fo...
Value investing is an investment paradigm that  involves buying securities that ap...
