
NODE / DIMENSION  139 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['monmouth', 'english', 'death', 'books', 'philosopher', 'platonist']
	 Keywords (300):  ['books', 'june', 'english', 'died', 'wrote', 'death']
	 Concept:         Historical Figures.
	 Concept (val):   Information and knowledge. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The Bloomsbury Group--or Bloomsbury Set--was a group of associated English write...
	 Cleitarchus or Clitarchus () was one of the historians of Alexander the Great. S...
	 Wroxham Broad is an area of open water alongside the River Bure near the village...
	 The Samoan Government is generally conservative and pro-Western, with a strong i...
	 Apelles of Kos (;  "But it was Apelles of Cos, in the hundred and twelfth Olympi...
	 Heracles of Macedon (; c. 327 - 309 BC) was a reputed illegitimate son of Alexan...
	 Since the introduction of parliamentarism in Sweden, six national referendums ha...
	 Partial Bible translations into languages of the English people can be traced ba...
	 Eorcenberht of Kent (also AErconberht, Earconberht, or Earconbert) (died 14 July...
	 Tiglath-Pileser II (from the Hebraic form Spelled as "" "Tiglath-Pileser" in the...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100): ['standardwing', 'eurymeloides', 'semioptera', 'dakarkari', 'capillare', 'spreadwing']
	 Keywords (300): ['species', 'hemisilurus', 'family', 'genus', 'motsoalle', 'bifrenaria']
	 Concept:        Taxonomy
	 Concept (val):  Taxonomy 

	 Extreme Articles:
On the fly is a phrase used to describe something that is being changed while the ...
Cupuliferae is a botanical name: in this case it is a descriptive botanical name: ...
Bifrenaria grandis is an orchid that is normally placed in the genus Bifrenaria. H...
Prototheora drackensbergae is a species of moth of the family Prototheoridae. It i...
Ostracion rhinorhynchos is a species of boxfish commonly known as the horn-nosed b...
Pseudorhabdosynochus is a genus of monopisthocotylean monogeneans, included in the...
Avatha rhynchophora is a species of moth of the family Erebidae first described by...
Motsoalle is the term for socially acceptable, long-term relationships between Bas...
Granulibacter is a Gram-negative and non-motile bacterial genus from the family of...
Ateloplus luteus, commonly known as the yellow shieldback, is a species of shield-...
