
NODE / DIMENSION  482 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['tendency', 'schocken', 'concept', 'high', 'waterlow', 'situation']
	 Keywords (300):  ['affricate', 'used', 'human', 'learning', 'error', 'europe']
	 Concept:         Justice
	 Concept (val):   Education 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The LaGrand case was a legal action heard before the International Court of Just...
	 The second-system effect or second-system syndrome is the tendency of small, ele...
	 Bias is a disproportionate weight in favor of or against an idea or thing, usual...
	 In reinforcement theory, it is argued that human behavior is a result of "contin...
	 A legal custom is the established pattern of behavior that can be objectively ve...
	 The Megali Idea () is a nationalist and irredentist concept that expresses the g...
	 Nonsense is a communication, via speech, writing, or any other symbolic system, ...
	 Egocentric bias is the tendency to rely too heavily on one's own perspective and...
	 Turkmenistan's human rights record has been heavily criticized by various countr...
	 Interculturalism is a political movement that supports cross-cultural dialogue a...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['philatelists', 'roll', 'distinguished', '2011', 'notes', 'background']
	 Keywords (300): ['philatelists', 'roll', 'distinguished', '2011', 'notes', 'background']
	 Concept:        Titles and labels for various entities or concepts.
	 Concept (val):  Miscellaneous Information. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Among the people who have borne the title of Count of Poitiers (, ; or Poitou, in ...
In sociology, a friend of a friend is a human contact that exists because of a mut...
Electronic services or e-services are services which make use of information and c...
In finance, the style  or family of an option is the class into which the option f...
or Geishu () was a province in the Chugoku Region of western Honshu, comprising th...
The  was located in the northwestern part of Honshu, the main island of Japan. It ...
Key/Config-authentication is used to solve the problem of authenticating the keys ...
In archaeological excavation, a feature is a collection of one or more contexts re...
Bessin () is an area in Normandy, France, corresponding to the territory of the Ba...
Who's Who (or Who is Who) is the title of a number of reference publications, gene...
