
NODE / DIMENSION  337 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['book', 'published', 'manuscript', 'instruments', 'missiology', 'written']
	 Keywords (300):  ['book', 'instrument', 'instruments', 'family', 'musical', 'published']
	 Concept:         Literature
         Concept (val):   The concept label that best represents the shared nature of these articles
is "Various Topics".
	 Extreme Articles:
	 The M'Naghten rule (pronounced, and sometimes spelled, McNaughton) is any varian...
	 All's Well That Ends Well is a play by William Shakespeare, published in the Fir...
	 In publishing, a colophon () is a brief statement containing information about t...
	 Arthur Rubinstein (; 28 January 188720 December 1982) was a Polish-American pian...
	 Acol is the bridge bidding system that, according to The Official Encyclopedia o...
	 The Red Book of Westmarch (sometimes the Thain's Book after its principal versio...
	 A prebound book is a book that was previously bound and has been rebound with a ...
	 Active Exploits is a diceless set of role-playing game rules by Precis Intermedi...
	 In Carnatic classical music, alapana is a form of manodharmam, or improvisation,...
	 Le Livre des tournois (Traicte de la Forme de Devis d'un Tournoi) or King Rene's...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['road', 'derways', 'nakasongola', 'town', 'vehicle', 'car']
	 Keywords (300): ['road', 'vehicle', 'town', 'cars', 'connecting', 'roads']
	 Concept:        Transportation.
	 Concept (val):  Transportation. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Governments and private organizations have developed car classification schemes th...
The Casspir is a Mine-resistant ambush protected vehicle that has been in use in S...
A zero-emission vehicle, or ZEV, is a vehicle that does not emit exhaust gas or ot...
The Altena was a Dutch motorcycle and automobile made by NV Haarlemsche Automobiel...
The Twombly was a cyclecar manufactured in the US by Driggs-Seabury between 1913 a...
The Mancunian Way is a two mile long grade separated elevated motorway in Manchest...
The Singer Gazelle name has been applied to two generations of motor cars from the...
There are an estimated  of roads and highways across the Canadian territory of Nun...
A byway in the United Kingdom is a track, often rural, which is too minor to be ca...
A mandilion or mandelion is a loose men's hip-length pullover coat or jacket, open...
