
NODE / DIMENSION  218 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['indomyrma', 'hapalopilus', 'evreux', 'known', 'mantrik', 'berbiguier']
	 Keywords (300):  ['described', 'genus', 'family', 'species', 'indomyrma', 'ouargla']
	 Concept:         The overarching concept for these articles is "diverse cultural topics."
	 Concept (val):   Taxonomy 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Heinrich von Gunterrodt was the author of a treatise on the art of fencing publi...
	 An American Ballroom Companion is an online collection of over two hundred socia...
	 Wolfert Acker (1667-1753) was a colonial-period American who is featured in Wash...
	 A Mantrik or mantric is someone who specializes in practicing mantra. In the Ind...
	 Phanfare was an online subscription-based photo sharing and video sharing servic...
	 ZipZoomfly was an internet retailer for computer parts and related products.  Ba...
	 A polacca (or polacre) is a type of seventeenth- to nineteenth-century sailing v...
	 Cuchulain of Muirthemne is a version of the Cu Chulainn legends based on previou...
	 Agaricus deserticola, commonly known as the gasteroid agaricus, is a species of ...
	 Kukuraja was a mahasiddha within the lineages of Esoteric Buddhism and he was co...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['explanation', 'explain', 'understand', 'explanations', 'whys', 'meaning']
	 Keywords (300): ['meaning', 'information', 'explanation', 'explain', 'nature', 'purpose']
	 Concept:        Concept Label: Patterns and Theories.
	 Concept (val):  Concept label: Uncertainty. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Footwear refers to garments worn on the feet, which typically serve the purpose of...
The parable of the broken window was introduced by French economist Frederic Basti...
In software engineering, the mediator pattern defines an object that encapsulates ...
A cliche ( or ) is an element of an artistic work, saying, or idea that has become...
Marginalism is a theory of economics that attempts to explain the discrepancy in t...
Micromanagement is a counter-productive management style characterized by such beh...
Copying is the duplication of information or an [based on an instance of that info...
Numeracy is the ability to understand, reason with, and to apply simple numerical ...
The equation of time describes the discrepancy between two kinds of solar time. Th...
In United States labor law, at-will employment is an employer's ability to dismiss...
