
NODE / DIMENSION  149 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['hordaland', 'brand', 'trompenaars', 'panoz', 'names', 'species']
	 Keywords (300):  ['species', 'family', 'order', 'type', 'brand', 'model']
	 Concept:         Classification of specific objects or concepts.
	 Concept (val):   Diversity. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Capparales is a botanical name of an order of flowering plants. It was used in t...
	 Control charts are graphical plots used in production control to determine wheth...
	 The Itanium 9300 series, code-named Tukwila, is the generation of Intel's Itaniu...
	 The Cuban gambusia (Gambusia punctata) is a species of freshwater fish.  It is a...
	 In the field of dialectology, a diasystem or polylectal grammar also lists overa...
	 HomePlug is the family name for various power line communications specifications...
	 MegaSquirt is a general-purpose aftermarket electronic fuel injection (EFI) cont...
	 Miniature conversion refers to the practice of altering the appearance of a mini...
	 Gerstmann-Straussler-Scheinker syndrome (GSS) is an extremely rare, usually fami...
	 ZipZaps are miniature radio-controlled cars that were sold by RadioShack, later ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['capital', 'companies', 'financial', 'countertrade', 'nemid', 'money']
	 Keywords (300): ['financial', 'capital', 'company', 'value', 'infochoice', 'fund']
	 Concept:        Finance.
	 Concept (val):  Property and Finance. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Reset also known as fixing is a generic concept in the EV financial markets, meani...
The British Columbia Resources Investment Corporation, or BCRIC (pronounced "brick...
FairTax is a single rate tax proposal which has been proposed as a bill in the Uni...
Funding is the act of providing resources to finance a need, program, or project. ...
In finance, a revaluation of fixed assets is an action that may be required to acc...
In business and finance, a golden share is a nominal share which is able to outvot...
Capital deepening is a situation where the capital per worker is increasing in the...
HM Capital Partners was a private equity firm in the United States that specialize...
Countertrade means exchanging goods or services which are paid for, in whole or in...
The Real Estate Roundtable is a non-profit public policy think tank"Caltech Mourns...
