
NODE / DIMENSION  192 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['legal', 'law', 'case', 'injunction', 'gnahouret', 'yazmuradov']
	 Keywords (300):  ['law', 'case', 'legal', 'court', 'justice', 'english']
	 Concept:         Law and legal systems
	 Concept (val):   Legal Precedents 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Intimidation is a legal wrong which usually involves deterring or coercing an in...
	 Eidgenossisches Justiz- und Polizeidepartement Departement federal de justice et...
	 The British peerage is governed by a body of law that has developed over several...
	 A motion for more definite statement in many jurisdictions in the United States,...
	 The Right of Magistrates (; ) is a 1574 work written by Theodore Beza, and anony...
	 A sejm court () was a Polish judicial body that existed during the First Polish ...
	 Uti possidetis is an expression that originated in Roman private law, where it w...
	 "On the razzle" is a euphemism describing the actions of someone who has drunk, ...
	 Howe and Hummel was a New York City law firm, celebrated in the latter half of t...
	 Summary jurisdiction, in the widest sense of the phrase, in English law includes...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['spitsbergen', 'svalbard', 'market', 'price', 'rate', 'demand']
	 Keywords (300): ['market', 'consumer', 'demand', 'price', 'spitsbergen', 'svalbard']
	 Concept:        Concept label: Economics.
	 Concept (val):  Economics and finance concepts. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Income is the consumption and saving opportunity gained by an entity within a spec...
Unavailability, in mathematical terms, is the probability that an item will not op...
In Gallo-Roman religion, Ambisagrus was a Gaulish god worshipped at Aquileia in Ci...
Positioning refers to the place that a brand occupies in the minds of the customer...
GE multifactorial analysis is a technique used in brand marketing and product mana...
In microeconomics, two goods are substitutes if the products could be used for the...
RFA Sir Lamorak (L3532) was a temporarily chartered roll-on roll-off ferry of the ...
A risk premium is a measure of excess return that is required by an individual to ...
Underconsumption is a theory in economics that recessions and stagnation arise fro...
A discount store or discounter offers a retail format in which products are sold a...
