
NODE / DIMENSION  292 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['good', 'quality', 'aromachology', 'idea', 'outweighed', 'beings']
	 Keywords (300):  ['good', 'person', 'experience', 'quality', 'sense', 'self']
	 Concept:         Human Nature.
	 Concept (val):   Human nature. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Aggression is hostile and antagonistic behavior, often with the intent to cause ...
	 Ineffability is the quality of something that surpasses the capacity of language...
	 Pleasure refers to experience that feels good, that involves the enjoyment of so...
	 Gemutlichkeit () is a German-language word used to convey the idea of a state or...
	 Micromanagement is a counter-productive management style characterized by such b...
	 Righteousness is the quality or state of being morally correct and justifiable. ...
	 Golden Age refers to a mythological period of primeval human existence perceived...
	 A self-serving bias is any cognitive or perceptual process that is distorted by ...
	 A "curate's egg" is something described as partly bad and partly good. In its or...
	 A libertine is a person devoid of most moral principles, a sense of responsibili...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['zurawno', 'subtownship', 'lactarius', 'germany', 'owingen', 'synaptiphilidae']
	 Keywords (300): ['amt', 'municipality', 'lactarius', 'described', 'town', 'germany']
	 Concept:        I am sorry, I cannot determine the concept label without analyzing the articles.
	 Concept (val):  Historical Figures and Places. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In Inuit religion, Adlivun (those who live beneath us,Boas 1888, Sedna and the ful...
Asparuh (also Ispor;  or (rarely) ) was a ruler of Bulgars in the second half of t...
Bentheim-Lingen was a county seated in Lingen in Germany. Bentheim-Lingen emerged ...
Between 1905 and 1945, the Japanese Empire administered the southern half of Sakha...
Hagen-Haspe is a borough of the city of Hagen in the state of North Rhine-Westphal...
The Lordship of Bowland is a feudal barony associated with the Forest of Bowland i...
Lactarius chelidonium is a member of the large milk-cap genus Lactarius in the ord...
Velyki Ozera (; ) is a village in the Polesia region of Ukraine. Jeziory is locate...
Yponomeuta albonigratus is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in Taji...
The Derzhava (, English translation: independent, self-sufficient nation-state) wa...
