
NODE / DIMENSION  296 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['law', 'rule', 'formula', 'skills', 'property', 'state']
	 Keywords (300):  ['law', 'rule', 'rules', 'education', 'laws', 'quebec']
	 Concept:         Law and Governance.
	 Concept (val):   Laws and Regulations. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Law is the set of rules and principles (laws) by which a society is governed, th...
	 In Boolean logic, the majority function (also called the median operator) is the...
	 A Postmaster General, in Anglosphere countries, is the chief executive officer o...
	 Due process of law is application by state of all legal rules and principles per...
	 Zipf's law (, ) is an empirical law that often holds, approximately, when a list...
	 In music, the subdominant is the fourth tonal degree () of the diatonic scale. I...
	 In computer science, particularly the field of databases, the Thomas write rule ...
	 Passing off is a common law tort which can be used to enforce unregistered trade...
	 Historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) are institutions of higher ...
	 In music, the submediant is the sixth degree () of a diatonic scale. The submedi...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['project', 'neubauten', 'einsturzende', 'musterhaus', 'projects', '25th']
	 Keywords (300): ['project', 'projects', 'neubauten', 'experimental', 'einsturzende', 'file']
	 Concept:        Projects
	 Concept (val):  Information Sources. 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Radio Research Project was a social research project funded by the Rockefeller...
A project is any undertaking, carried out individually or collaboratively and poss...
The , also sometimes read as  or , is a voiced form of  (see ). This reading was p...
Project Orbiter was a proposed United States spacecraft, an early competitor to Pr...
The Confluence Project is a series of outdoor installations and interpretive artwo...
Federal Project Number One, also referred to as Federal One, is the collective nam...
In computing, a hard link is a directory entry (in a directory-based file system) ...
A jetty is a structure that projects from land out into water. A jetty may serve a...
is a special file in Unix-like operating systems that provides as many null charac...
Project Artichoke (also referred to as Operation Artichoke) was a project develope...
