
NODE / DIMENSION  315 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['compounds', 'chemical', 'reaction', 'chemistry', 'isolated', 'bacterium']
	 Keywords (300):  ['compounds', 'chemical', 'acid', 'reaction', 'isolated', 'organic']
	 Concept:         Chemical compounds and processes
	 Concept (val):   Chemical compounds. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 A bactericide or bacteriocide, sometimes abbreviated Bcidal, is a substance whic...
	 Kainite ( or ) (KMg(SO4)Cl*3H2O) is an evaporite mineral in the class of "Sulfat...
	 Chemisorption is a kind of adsorption which involves a chemical reaction between...
	 Sanitization is the cleaning and disinfection of an area or an item. Sanitizing ...
	 Urushiol  is an oily mixture of organic compounds with allergenic properties fou...
	 Eicosanoids are signaling molecules made by the enzymatic or non-enzymatic oxida...
	 In chemistry, halogenation is a chemical reaction that entails the introduction ...
	 Aluminium chlorohydrate is a group of water-soluble, specific aluminium salts ha...
	 Amination is the process by which an amine group is introduced into an organic m...
	 Bipyridines also known as bipyridyls, dipyridyls, and dipyridines, are a family ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['weight', 'built', 'size', 'used', 'small', 'hryvnia']
	 Keywords (300): ['weight', 'size', 'built', 'used', 'law', 'body']
	 Concept:        Miscellaneous
	 Concept (val):  Weight and Measurement. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Climbing is the activity of using one's hands, feet, or other parts of the body to...
The history of Gibraltar portrays how The Rock gained an importance and a reputati...
In a noise-measuring set, flat weighting is a noise weighting based on an amplitud...
To help compare different orders of magnitude, the following lists describe variou...
Starvation is a severe deficiency in caloric energy intake, below the level needed...
Timbales () or pailas are shallow single-headed drums with metal casing. They are ...
The British peerage is governed by a body of law that has developed over several c...
The Rostovian take-off model (also called "Rostow's Stages of Growth") is one of t...
Psychomotor retardation  involves a slowing down of thought and a reduction of phy...
A dip bar is a piece of fitness equipment that consists of a U-shaped bar, usually...
