
NODE / DIMENSION  135 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['genus', 'family', 'fungi', 'placement', 'ascomycota', 'order']
	 Keywords (300):  ['genus', 'family', 'fungi', 'fungus', 'congo', 'species']
	 Concept:         Biology.
         Concept (val):   The concept label that represents the shared nature of these seemingly
disparate articles is "Taxonomy and Geographic Locations".
	 Extreme Articles:
	 Land degradation is a process in which the value of the biophysical environment ...
	 A subject-matter expert (SME) is a person who has accumulated great knowledge in...
	 The rough prominent (Nadata gibbosa) is a moth of the family Notodontidae, subfa...
	 Enteromius castrasibutum is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Enteromius...
	 Osteobrama bhimensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Osteobrama. Os...
	 Necrotizing periodontal diseases is one of the three categories of periodontitis...
	 Erythricium is a genus of fungi in the family Corticiaceae. Basidiocarps (fruit ...
	 Parmotremopsis is a genus of lichen-forming fungi in the family Parmeliaceae. Th...
	 Crocydoscelus is a genus of moths in the family Pterophoridae containing one spe...
	 Australovuilleminia is a genus of fungus in the family Vuilleminiaceae. The mono...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['song', 'single', 'album', 'released', 'written', 'lyrics']
	 Keywords (300): ['song', 'single', 'released', 'album', 'written', 'lyrics']
	 Concept:        Information and Communication Technology.
	 Concept (val):  Music. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In telecommunication, channel reliability (ChR) is the percentage of time a commun...
Antistrophe (, "a turning back") is the portion of an ode sung by the chorus in it...
Dreams are Nuthin' More than Wishes was David Cassidy's third solo album release. ...
"You Sure Love to Ball" is a song released by American recording artist Marvin Gay...
"Hawaiian War Chant" is an American popular song whose original melody and lyrics ...
Velocity Girl EP is the compilation of singles by Velocity Girl, released in April...
Reflections is a compilation of Rick James songs released in 1984. It also contain...
"What If God Fell from the Sky" is a song by Danielle Brisebois, the first single ...
"Dream Along with Me (I'm on My Way to a Star)" is a popular song, written by Carl...
Transmit diversity is radio communication using signals that originate from two or...
