
NODE / DIMENSION  291 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['cells', 'railway', 'signal', 'tikkun', 'ramazanovich', 'tessonnieres']
	 Keywords (300):  ['cells', 'encoded', 'gene', 'railway', 'humans', 'frequency']
	 Concept:         Technology and Science.
	 Concept (val):   Knowledge Compilation 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 An ectopia () is a displacement or malposition of an organ or other body part, w...
	 In electrical engineering, a circulator is a passive, non-reciprocal three- or f...
	 In telecommunication, a customer service unit (CSU) is a device that provides an...
	 Photocurrent is the electric current through a photosensitive device, such as a ...
	 Responsivity  measures the input-output gain of a detector system. In the specif...
	 The signal-to-crosstalk ratio at a specified point in a circuit is the ratio of ...
	 The low-frequency effects (LFE) channel is a band-limited audio track that is us...
	 Electricity delivery is the process that starts after generation of electricity ...
	 Langnas is a port in Lumparland on the eastern mainland of Aland, about 30 km ov...
	 is a Latin aphorism, usually translated "seize the day", taken from book 1 of th...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['temperature', 'antarctica', 'surface', 'melting', 'antarctic', 'temperatures']
	 Keywords (300): ['antarctica', 'ice', 'air', 'antarctic', 'temperature', 'french']
     Concept:        The concept label that best represents the shared nature of these articles is "diverse phenomena."
	 Concept (val):  Cold and freezing. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Psychosurgery, also called  neurosurgery for mental disorder (NMD), is the neurosu...
The Hooded Spirits or Genii Cucullati are figures found in religious sculpture acr...
A snowball effect is a process that starts from an initial state of small signific...
The lowest natural temperature ever directly recorded at ground level on Earth is ...
Supercooling, also known as undercooling, is the process of lowering the temperatu...
Decompression Illness (DCI) comprises two different conditions caused by rapid dec...
Prior art (also known as state of the art or background art"The expression 'backgr...
is a group of islands in Miyagi Prefecture, Japan.  There are some 260 tiny island...
Limnognathia maerski is a microscopic freshwater animal, discovered living in warm...
Leading aircraftman (LAC) or leading aircraftwoman (LACW)RAF websiteThe spellings ...
