
NODE / DIMENSION  37 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['commons', 'english', 'sat', 'house', 'supported', 'politician']
	 Keywords (300):  ['sat', 'english', 'commons', 'house', 'supported', 'politician']
	 Concept:         Community
	 Concept (val):   Public Service 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In a support group, members provide each other with various types of help, usual...
	 The Glass-Steagall legislation describes four provisions of the United States Ba...
	 In property law, title is an intangible construct representing a bundle of right...
	 Margaret Clap (died c. 1726), better known as Mother Clap, ran a coffee house fr...
	 In political philosophy, a monopoly on violence or monopoly on the legal use of ...
	 LinuxChix is a women-oriented Linux community. It was formed to provide both tec...
	 Youth work is a community support activity aimed at older children and adolescen...
	 A faggot, in the meaning of "bundle", is an archaic English unit applied to bund...
	 A flophouse (American English) or dosshouse (British English) is a place that of...
	 A cottage, during England's feudal period, was the holding by a cottager (known ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['cytometry', 'information', 'fungus', 'science', 'species', 'bombali']
	 Keywords (300): ['science', 'fungus', 'species', 'journal', 'described', 'scientific']
	 Concept:        Knowledge and Science.
	 Concept (val):  Science 

	 Extreme Articles:
Structural information theory (SIT) is a theory about human perception and in part...
Fooled by Randomness: The Hidden Role of Chance in Life and in the Markets is a bo...
Ong's Hat is one of the earliest Internet-based secret history conspiracy theories...
Kleptography is the study of stealing information securely and subliminally. The t...
Winsorizing or winsorization is the transformation of statistics by limiting extre...
Neuropharmacology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of neuroscien...
Gamaret is a variety of red wine grape.Gamaret , Vitis International Variety Catal...
Rubroboletus rhodoxanthus is a species of bolete in the family Boletaceae, native ...
Sauro Succi is an Italian scientist, internationally credited for being one of the...
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is a quarterly peer-reviewed open access scientific ...
