
NODE / DIMENSION  314 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['vehicle', 'vehicles', 'pyramidellidae', 'mollusc', 'odostomia', 'vojvodina']
	 Keywords (300):  ['vehicle', 'family', 'marine', 'gastropod', 'snail', 'vojvodina']
	 Concept:         Information and entertainment
	 Concept (val):   Transportation 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Paraguayan foreign policy has concentrated on maintaining good relations with it...
	 An individual savings account (ISA; ) is a class of retail investment arrangemen...
	 Vehicle audio is equipment installed in a car or other vehicle to provide in-car...
	 The first systematic measurements of global direct irradiance at the Earth's sur...
	 During World War II, Operation Newton was a  jeep-mounted patrol by 57 French me...
	 The International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People is a UN-organize...
	 Olof Erland (16 February 1944 - 23 May 2013) was a politician in the autonomous ...
	 In sports or activities in the United States, a letterman is a high school or co...
	 A garage is a covered structure built for the purpose of parking, storing, prote...
	 BRDM is an initialism for Boyevaya Razvedyvatelnaya Dozornaya Mashina, (RU Boeva...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['century', 'trp', 'solotvyn', 'rouse', 'lench', 'dovecote']
	 Keywords (300): ['century', 'baronetage', 'process', 'selection', '19th', 'england']
	 Concept:        History
	 Concept (val):  Human discoveries and advancements. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Bubalus is a genus of Asiatic bovines that was proposed by Charles Hamilton Smith ...
The history of Missouri begins with settlement of the region by indigenous people ...
The "thirty-year rule" is the informal name given to laws in the United Kingdom, t...
Catallactics is a theory of the way the free market system reaches exchange ratios...
Allocative efficiency is a state of the economy in which production is aligned wit...
The Lord of Abernethy was from the 12th century to the 14th century the hereditary...
The Barber of Seville or the Useless Precaution () is a French play by Pierre Beau...
Trade beads are beads that were used as a medium of barter within and amongst comm...
Biogerontology is the sub-field of gerontology concerned with the biological aging...
Lymphangiogenesis is the formation of lymphatic vessels from pre-existing lymphati...
