
NODE / DIMENSION  273 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['boranes', 'atom', 'chemistry', 'formula', 'chemical', 'reaction']
	 Keywords (300):  ['species', 'breuning', 'described', 'cerambycidae', 'family', 'genus']
	 Concept:         Science
	 Concept (val):   Chemistry and Biology 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In chemistry and physics, metastability denotes an intermediate energetic state ...
	 In chemistry, a silicate is any member of a family of polyatomic anions consisti...
	 R-parity is a concept in particle physics. In the Minimal Supersymmetric Standar...
	 Isomerases are a general class of enzymes that convert a molecule from one isome...
	 A Dance of the Forests is one of the most recognized of Wole Soyinka's plays. It...
	 A polaron is a quasiparticle used in condensed matter physics to understand the ...
	 The strong CP problem is a question in particle physics, which brings up the fol...
	 Rabindra Nritya Natya is the group of four dance-dramas composed by Bengal's Nob...
	 In chemistry, photoisomerization is a form of isomerization induced by photoexci...
	 In organic chemistry, a carbo-mer (often carbo-mer or carbomer) is an expanded m...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['skin', 'conidia', 'sexual', 'keratinophilic', 'microfungus', 'onygenaceae']
	 Keywords (300): ['skin', 'surface', 'sexual', 'used', 'condition', 'hair']
     Concept:        The concept label that best represents the shared nature of these seemingly disparate articles is "Body-related activities and characteristics."
	 Concept (val):  Miscellaneous 

	 Extreme Articles:
Voyeurism is the sexual interest in or practice of watching other people engaged i...
A hymenophore refers to the hymenium-bearing structure of a fungal fruiting body. ...
Nose-picking is the act of extracting nasal mucus with one's finger (rhinotillexis...
Impasto is a technique used in painting, where paint is laid on an area of the sur...
A cleanroom or clean room is an engineered space, which maintains a very low conce...
Labialization is a secondary articulatory feature of sounds in some languages. Lab...
Trampling  is a sexual activity that involves being trampled underfoot by another ...
Fingerpaint is a kind of paint intended to be applied with the fingers; it typical...
The voiced labial-palatal (or labio-palatal) approximant is a type of consonantal ...
Sulfur dyes are the most commonly used dyes manufactured for cotton in terms of vo...
