
NODE / DIMENSION  98 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['law', 'various', 'certain', 'conditions', 'situations', 'term']
	 Keywords (300):  ['law', 'rules', 'conditions', 'laws', 'different', 'term']
	 Concept:         Knowledge
	 Concept (val):   Abstract concepts. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Law enforcement is the activity of some members of government who act in an orga...
	 New Age is a range of spiritual or religious practices and beliefs which rapidly...
	 Data integrity is the maintenance of, and the assurance of, data accuracy and co...
	 A circular definition is a type of definition that uses the term(s) being define...
	 The state of the art (SOTA, sometimes cutting edge or leading edge) refers to th...
	 The Deborah number (De) is a dimensionless number, often used in rheology to cha...
	 Sex and the law deals with the regulation by law of human sexual activity. Sex l...
	 International scientific vocabulary (ISV) comprises scientific and specialized w...
	 Regulation is the management of complex systems according to a set of rules and ...
	 An order of precedence is a sequential hierarchy of nominal importance and can b...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['joglland', 'caravanserai', 'morangi', 'hogganvik', 'mariasundet', 'freusburg']
	 Keywords (300): ['located', 'furstenberg', 'psaltery', 'finnmark', 'town', 'communaute']
	 Concept:        Location
	 Concept (val):  Location/Place 

	 Extreme Articles:
Eibergen (Low Saxon: Eibarge) is a town and former municipality in Gelderland in t...
Furstenberg-Messkirch was a county of Furstenberg centered on the town of Messkirc...
The bowed psaltery is a type of psaltery or zither that is played with a bow. In c...
Ulavaipu is a small village situated on the northern side of Thaikattussery Pancha...
The Hemiphractidae are a family of frogs from South and Central America.  Previous...
Bronant is a hamlet in the county of Ceredigion, mid Wales. It lies on the A485 ro...
The Falkenstein lies southeast of the small town of Tambach-Dietharz in Schmalwass...
Millan Millan is director of the Centro de Estudios Ambientales del Mediterraneo (...
The interpeduncular nucleus (IPN) is an unpaired, ovoid cell group at the base of ...
Kadekodi (kddekoddi) is a small village situated on the National Highway 17 (NH17)...
