
NODE / DIMENSION  499 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['accentology', 'family', 'species', 'genus', 'berckheim', 'froghopper']
	 Keywords (300):  ['family', 'species', 'genus', 'nocardiopsis', 'et', 'subfamily']
	 Concept:         Information and categorization
	 Concept (val):   Law and Governance. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Suggestibility is the quality of being inclined to accept and act on the suggest...
	 HMAS Inverell, named for the town of Inverell, New South Wales, was one of 60 s ...
	 Standesamt Rawitsch is one of several civil registration districts (Standesamt) ...
	 The Prix Volney () is awarded by the Institute of France after proposition by th...
	 The Acalyptratae or Acalyptrata are a subsection of the Schizophora, which are a...
	 Kommunistiska Enhetsgrupperna () was a section that left Kommunistiska Partiet M...
	 Usufruct () is a limited real right (or in rem right) found in civil-law and mix...
	 Silviculture is the practice of controlling the growth, composition/structure, a...
	 Trangsund () is a part of Huddinge to the south of Stockholm located between the...
	 In psychometrics, the Kuder-Richardson formulas, first published in 1937, are a ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['data', 'pyrano', 'information', 'device', 'used', 'learning']
	 Keywords (300): ['data', 'information', 'used', 'device', 'technology', 'city']
	 Concept:        Communication
	 Concept (val):  Documentation 

	 Extreme Articles:
In telecommunications, asynchronous communication is transmission of data, general...
The Baudot code () is an early character encoding for telegraphy invented by Emile...
A letter is a written message conveyed from one person (or group of people) to ano...
Project management is the process of leading the work of a team to achieve all pro...
In telecommunication, a called-party camp-on is a communication system service fea...
The Common Management Information Service (CMIS) is the service interface specifie...
In connection-oriented communication, a data stream is the transmission of a seque...
The five-number summary is a set of descriptive statistics that provides informati...
The weighted average cost of capital (WACC) is the rate that a company is expected...
In computer security, a covert channel is a type of attack that creates a capabili...
