
NODE / DIMENSION  159 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100):  ['governorate', 'verwaltungsgemeinschaft', 'uezd', 'uyezd', 'subdivisions', 'empire']
     Keywords (300):  ['administrative', 'governorate', 'canton', 'verwaltungsgemeinschaft', 'division', 'central']
	 Concept:         Label: Miscellaneous
	 Concept (val):   Administrative divisions. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Merchandization is a critical term coined by the anti-globalization movement to ...
	 Ledborough was a former hamlet in the parish of Beaconsfield, in Buckinghamshire...
	 In agriculture, polyculture is the practice of growing more than one crop specie...
	 Earl of Craven, in the County of York, is a title that has been created twice, o...
	 Kotekan is a style of playing fast interlocking parts in most varieties of Balin...
	 The history of the separation axioms in general topology has been convoluted, wi...
	 Polyptoton  is the stylistic scheme in which words derived from the same root ar...
	 A fraction (from , "broken") represents a part of a whole or, more generally, an...
	 Earnout or earn-out refers to a pricing structure in mergers and acquisitions wh...
	 Tawau Division () is one of the five administrative sub-divisions of Sabah, Mala...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['extinct', 'family', 'baronetage', 'europe', 'late', 'kellwasserkalk']
	 Keywords (300): ['family', 'north', 'katydid', 'july', 'late', 'september']
	 Concept:        Miscellaneous
	 Concept (val):  Historical figures. 

	 Extreme Articles:
rightSeattle Wireless was an American non-profit project created by Matt Westervel...
The pipits are a cosmopolitan genus, Anthus, of small passerine birds with medium ...
The pratincoles or greywaders are a group of birds which together with the courser...
Grallariidae is a family of smallish suboscine passerine birds of subtropical and ...
The Martin AM Mauler (originally XBTM) was a single-seat carrier-based attack airc...
The American Youth Congress (AYC) was an early youth voice organization composed o...
IrelandOffline (IOFFL) is an Irish consumer pressure group which was set up on 13 ...
Byrhtnoth (), Ealdorman of Essex ( 931 - 11 August 991), died at the Battle of Mal...
Fortunatus is a German proto-novel or chapbook about a legendary hero popular in 1...
Jonne Valtonen is a Finnish composer, arranger and orchestrator. He is renowned fo...
