
NODE / DIMENSION  393 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['web', 'browser', 'bacterium', 'browsing', 'chronixis', 'kanchuka']
	 Keywords (300):  ['web', 'browser', 'website', 'websites', 'bacterium', 'content']
	 Concept:         Information and Systems.
	 Concept (val):   Information Technology. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Ivory Coast  invested remarkably in its transport system. Transport Infrastructu...
	 The Semantic Web, sometimes known as Web 3.0 (not to be confused with Web3), is ...
	 A gel is a semi-solid that can have properties ranging from soft and weak to har...
	 In United States law, ripeness refers to the readiness of a case for litigation;...
	 A lost work is a document, literary work, or piece of multimedia produced some t...
	 Scalability is the property of a system to handle a growing amount of work.  One...
	 In the context of the World Wide Web, deep linking is the use of a hyperlink tha...
	 Worse is better (also called the New Jersey style) is a term conceived by Richar...
	 Round-robin is a document signed by multiple parties in a circle to make it more...
	 In combinatorial game theory, a game is partisan (sometimes partizan) if it is n...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['gens', 'family', 'akebia', 'century', 'plebeian', 'members']
	 Keywords (300): ['gens', 'family', 'plebeian', 'members', 'rome', 'excluding']
     Concept:        "diverse knowledge."
	 Concept (val):  Miscellaneous. 

	 Extreme Articles:
The actinophryids are an order of heliozoa, a polyphyletic array of stramenopiles,...
Basset (French bassette, from the Italian bassetta), also known as barbacole and h...
Seisonidae is a family of rotifers, found on the gills of Nebalia, a marine crusta...
Mind share relates to the development of consumer awareness or popularity, and is ...
Bibliomania can be a symptom of obsessive-compulsive disorder which involves the c...
Autosuggestion is a psychological technique related to the placebo effect, develop...
RFM is a method used for analyzing customer value and segmenting customers which i...
The term imbecile was once used by psychiatrists to denote a category of people wi...
Moleosophy or moleomancy is a technique of divination and fortune telling based up...
The worse-than-average effect or below-average effect is the human tendency to und...
