
NODE / DIMENSION  176 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['canada', 'laetentur', 'caeli', 'ramakrishna', 'ontario', 'reserves']
	 Keywords (300):  ['canada', 'ontario', 'canadian', 'reserves', 'prince', 'hindu']
	 Concept:         Diverse Mythologies and Cultural Practices.
	 Concept (val):   diversity 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In Gallo-Roman religion, Rosmerta was a goddess of fertility and abundance, her ...
	 Mucalinda, Muchalinda or Mucilinda is the name of a naga, a snake-like being, wh...
	 is a concept referring to business activities that continuously improve all func...
	 In Islam, Barakah or Baraka ( "blessing") is a blessing power, a kind of continu...
	 Approximate length from mouth to headwaters of the East Fork Hood River; the len...
	 Edwards is a dispersed rural community at the headwaters of Bear Brook in the Os...
	 An air lock is a restriction of, or complete stoppage of liquid flow caused by v...
	 Vsevolod III Yuryevich, or Vsevolod the Big Nest () (1154-1212), was Grand Princ...
	 A beer bottle is a bottle designed as a container for beer. Such designs vary gr...
	 The Alliance for the Preservation of English in Canada (APEC) was a group in Can...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['spain', 'boruca', 'spanish', 'legnano', 'balearic', 'tarongi']
	 Keywords (300): ['spain', 'spanish', 'species', 'family', 'mickler', 'la']
	 Concept:        Geo-cultural locations.
	 Concept (val):  Geographical locations in Spain and Costa Rica. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Salasaca is a community and an indigenous people located in the Tungurahua Provinc...
Almanzora is a small city in the province of Almeria, Andalusia, Spain. Its name, ...
Leucauge argyra is a spider and is known for being the host of the Hymenoepimecis ...
Euseius inouei is a species of mite in the family Phytoseiidae originally observed...
The khonkhota or ponputu is a stringed instrument from San Pedro de Buenavista, Po...
The Spanish Action Circle (Circulo de Accion Espanola) was a Falangist political o...
Alfonso de Alcala (Alcala la Real, fl 1520s) was a Spanish physician, professor of...
CastleVille is a defunct social network game made by Zynga's Dallas studio and was...
Cacahuaziziqui is a pre-Columbian cave site containing Olmec paintings. It is loca...
Boletellus domingensis is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae. Fou...
