
NODE / DIMENSION  274 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['extinct', 'family', 'devonian', 'genus', 'bryozoans', 'mesoderm']
	 Keywords (300):  ['family', 'extinct', 'genus', 'devonian', 'streptomyces', 'species']
	 Concept:         Knowledge
	 Concept (val):   Natural history. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Clam is a common name for several kinds of bivalve molluscs. The word is often a...
	 Octahedrites are the most common structural class of iron meteorites. The struct...
	 In Maori mythology, Rongomai refers to several entities:In the genealogies of th...
	 In materials science, superplasticity  is a state in which solid crystalline mat...
	 Flamborough Head () is a promontory,  long on the Yorkshire coast of England, be...
	 Fibrocartilage consists of a mixture of white fibrous tissue and cartilaginous t...
	 Procatalepsis, also called prolepsis or prebuttal, is a figure of speech in whic...
	 Biostratigraphy is the branch of stratigraphy which focuses on correlating and a...
	 There have been three baronetcies created for members of the Bacon family, all i...
	 Diastrophism is the process of deformation of the Earth's crust which involves f...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['treatment', 'medication', 'lamivudine', 'care', 'medicine', 'drug']
	 Keywords (300): ['treatment', 'medical', 'drug', 'medicine', 'used', 'clinical']
	 Concept:        Medicine and healthcare.
	 Concept (val):  Medicine 

	 Extreme Articles:
A pharmacopoeia, pharmacopeia, or pharmacopoea (from the obsolete typography pharm...
Algorism is the technique of performing basic arithmetic by writing numbers in pla...
The American College of Physicians (ACP) is a Philadelphia-based national organiza...
Prolotherapy, also called proliferation therapy, is an injection-based treatment u...
CompStat--or COMPSTAT, short for COMPuter STATistics, is a computerization and qua...
The Canada Gairdner Wightman Award is annually awarded by the Gairdner Foundation ...
A senior house officer (SHO) is a non-consultant hospital doctor in the Republic o...
Pharming parties is a media-invented term describing alleged get-togethers where p...
The Standard for the Uniform Scheduling of Medicines and Poisons (SUSMP) is an Aus...
Chrysiasis is a dermatological condition induced by the parenteral administration ...
