
NODE / DIMENSION  304 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['telephone', 'phone', 'gay', 'china', 'located', 'ddobjects']
	 Keywords (300):  ['telephone', 'phone', 'river', 'states', 'china', 'united']
	 Concept:         These articles represent the concept of "Diverse Cultural Topics."
	 Concept (val):   Diverse Locations and Subjects. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Coming out of the closet, often shortened to coming out, is a metaphor used to d...
	 The red telephone box, a telephone kiosk for a public telephone designed by Sir ...
	 There has been a significant history of Chinese immigration to Canada, with the ...
	 Gary Christopher Fisher (born November 5, 1950) is considered one of the invento...
	 Kehlhof is a village near Rapperswil, Switzerland. It is located on the north ba...
	 USS Attu (CVE-102) was a  of the United States Navy. She was named after the Bat...
	 The telephone desk is the smallest kind of fixed desk.  Its traditional role is ...
	 JSyn ("Java Synthesis") is a free API for developing interactive sound applicati...
	 This timeline of the telephone covers landline, radio, and cellular telephony te...
	 Feldbach is a village near Rapperswil, Switzerland. It is located on the north b...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['sphingomonas', 'stadia', 'genus', 'drymaea', 'amphicleia', 'head']
	 Keywords (300): ['genus', 'order', 'head', 'extinct', 'generally', 'belestre']
	 Concept:        Language and Culture.
	 Concept (val):  Cultural Movements. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Structuralism is an intellectual current and methodological approach, primarily in...
In academia, a Festschrift (; plural, Festschriften ) is a book honoring a respect...
The zero-width non-joiner (ZWNJ, )  is a non-printing character used in the comput...
Orthogastropoda was a major taxonomic grouping of snails and slugs, an extremely l...
Somitogenesis is the process by which somites form. Somites are bilaterally paired...
Senioritis is the colloquial name for the decreased motivation toward studies felt...
The Collingridge dilemma is a methodological quandary in which efforts to influenc...
The glottalic theory is that Proto-Indo-European had ejective or otherwise non-pul...
Differential Educational Achievement (DEA) is a sociological term often given to a...
Arngrim was a berserker, who features in Hervarar saga, Gesta Danorum, Lay of Hynd...
