
NODE / DIMENSION  173 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['cinquefoil', 'thunstrom', 'surname', 'thunstroem', 'tagi', 'norvegica']
     Keywords (300):  ['cinquefoil', 'thunstrom', 'furstenberg', 'alligatorfish', 'bellflower', 'thunstroem']
	 Concept:         Names and terms
	 Concept (val):   Names and surnames. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Furstenberg-Donaueschingen was a county of Furstenberg that was created in 1617 ...
	 Erneley is a variant of the surname more commonly found as Ernle. This variant w...
	 Potentilla norvegica is a species of cinquefoil known by the common names rough ...
	 The Lives of the Brethren () is an early account of the first members of the Ord...
	 The Sinoceratidae is a family of orthoceroids, named for the genus Sinoceras, bo...
	 Leightonstone was a hundred of Huntingdonshire mentioned in the Domesday Book of...
	 Assiniboia may refer one of a number of different locations and administrative j...
	 Polishchuk is a Ukrainian-language toponymic surname associated with Polissya an...
	 The alligatorfish (Aspidophoroides monopterygius), also known commonly as the Al...
	 The "Fonoti" name is a Fa'amatai title attached to the island/village of Aunu'u,...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['language', 'speakers', 'dialog', 'yoront', 'yir', 'material']
	 Keywords (300): ['language', 'speakers', 'languages', 'spoken', 'nations', 'yabo']
	 Concept:        Communication.
	 Concept (val):  Information Representation 

	 Extreme Articles:
A koan ( ; ;  ; ; ) is a story, dialogue, question, or statement that is used in Z...
Steganography ( ) is the practice of representing information within another messa...
In telecommunication, effective data transfer rate is the average number of units ...
A message is a discrete unit of communication intended by the source for consumpti...
The number of languages natively spoken in Africa is variously estimated (dependin...
A moral (from Latin moralis) is a message that is conveyed or a lesson to be learn...
Plain language is writing designed to ensure the reader understands as quickly, ea...
Moore's paradox concerns the apparent absurdity involved in asserting a first-pers...
Specially designed academic instruction in English (SDAIE) is a teaching approach ...
Symbolic communication is the exchange of messages that change a priori expectatio...
