
NODE / DIMENSION  288 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['species', 'genus', 'family', 'uncinocarpus', 'paralicornia', 'described']
	 Keywords (300):  ['species', 'family', 'genus', 'mordella', 'beetle', 'described']
	 Concept:         Species
	 Concept (val):   Invertebrate Species 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The Beast of Gevaudan (, ; ) is the historic name associated with a man-eating a...
	 The Chalcodryidae are a family of beetles in the superfamily Tenebrionoidea. It ...
	 Jodina rhombifolia (the quebracho flojo (the loose quebracho), quebracho flajo, ...
	 Acripeza is a monotypic genus of insects in the family Tettigoniidae: the single...
	 Graphium leonidas, the veined swordtail, veined swallowtail or common graphium, ...
	 Mesoperiglischrus is a genus of mites in the family Spinturnicidae. There are at...
	 Anchicyclocheilus halfibindus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China. It...
	 Chalcoprionus is a genus of longhorn beetles in the family Cerambycidae. It is m...
	 Polonoceras is a genus included in the goniatitid subfamily Aulatornoceratinae n...
	 Pseudochazara droshica is a species of butterfly in the family Nymphalidae."Pseu...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['united', 'art', 'ensley', 'building', 'wildenstein', 'states']
	 Keywords (300): ['founded', 'united', 'arts', 'network', 'city', 'art']
	 Concept:        Concept Label: Diverse cultural and societal movements and phenomena.
	 Concept (val):  Diversity 

	 Extreme Articles:
Anthroposophy is a spiritual movement which was founded in the early 20th century ...
In telecommunication, communications survivability is the ability of communication...
Pop art is an art movement that emerged in the United Kingdom and the United State...
In computer networking, integrated services or IntServ is an architecture that spe...
Outward Bound (OB) is an international network of outdoor education organizations ...
Leicester Market is a market in The City of Leicester, England, on Market Place ju...
The Eulenspiegel Society, also known as TES, is the first BDSM organization founde...
The International Academy of Design and Technology (IADT) was a private for-profit...
The  is a short staff weapon used in Okinawa] and feudal Japan.The Secret Royal Ma...
An urban oasis is a public open space, park, or plaza which is located in between ...
