
NODE / DIMENSION  83 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['baronetage', 'houet', 'choirbook', 'lasioglossum', 'family', 'semisculptum']
	 Keywords (300):  ['baronetage', 'family', 'tellina', 'america', 'north', 'aldetrude']
	 Concept:         Taxonomy
	 Concept (val):   Names and classifications in different fields. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Tellina carpenteri, the carpenter tellin, is a bivalve mollusc in the family Tel...
	 Coryloideae is a subfamily in the woody angiosperm family Betulaceae, commonly k...
	 Psittaculidae is a family containing Old World parrots. It consists of six subfa...
	 Yuichi Shoda () is a Japanese-born psychologist and academicYuichi Shoda Lab  wh...
	 Carex panicea, commonly known as carnation sedge, is a plant species in the sedg...
	 Sparganium glomeratum, the clustered bur-reed, is a species of bur-reed. It is a...
	 Hymenocallis franklinensis  (Franklin spiderlily) is a bulb-forming herb in the ...
	 Richard Utz (born 1961) is a German-born medievalist who has spent much of his c...
	 Sichfrith mac Imair ( ; died 888), also known as Sigfred Ivarsson and Sigfrodo, ...
	 Sitobion leelamaniae, also known as Sitobion (Sitobion) leelamaniae, is an aphid...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['contract', 'signal', 'option', 'input', 'reaction', 'options']
	 Keywords (300): ['signal', 'reaction', 'value', 'contract', 'input', 'chemical']
	 Concept:        Telecommunications and technology
	 Concept (val):  Concept Label: Control and Stability 

	 Extreme Articles:
In start-stop teletypewriter operation, end distortion refers to the shifting of t...
In telecommunication, insertion gain is the gain resulting from the insertion of a...
Overmodulation is the condition that prevails in telecommunication when the instan...
In telecommunications, spectral width is the wavelength interval over which the ma...
Military fiat is a process whereby a decision is made and enforced by military mea...
In law, a default is the failure to do something required by law or to comply with...
An azeotrope () or a constant heating point mixture is a mixture of two or more co...
Capacitance is the capability of a material object or device to store electric cha...
A chemical property is any of a material's properties that becomes evident during,...
Server-side image maps enable the web browser to send positional information to th...
