
NODE / DIMENSION  66 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['best', 'favorite', 'schandein', 'favourite', 'hashemi', 'country']
	 Keywords (300):  ['best', 'web', 'award', 'data', 'software', 'presented']
	 Concept:         Computing and technology.
	 Concept (val):   Information Technology. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In computational complexity theory,  a decision problem is P-complete (complete ...
	 Computer magazines are about computers and related subjects, such as networking ...
	 In computer science, a high-level programming language is a programming language...
	 The Obfuscated Perl Contest was a competition for programmers of Perl which was ...
	 A third jersey, alternative jersey, third kit, third sweater or alternative unif...
	 A classic is an outstanding example of a particular style; something of lasting ...
	 A lightweight markup language (LML), also termed a simple or humane markup langu...
	 The Macintosh Toolbox implements many of the high-level features of the Classic ...
	 The Harkness table, Harkness method, or Harkness discussion is a teaching and le...
	 The Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance was awarded from 1991 to 2011, al...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['mordella', 'family', 'heliomeroides', 'isalaux', 'haptor', 'squamodiscs']
     Keywords (300): ['mordella', 'tenebrionoidea', 'mordellidae', 'superfamily', 'beetle', 'discovered']
	 Concept:        Biology and taxonomy
	 Concept (val):  Beetle species discovery. 

	 Extreme Articles:
PU-Sarruma (PU-LUGAL-ma, mPU-Sar-(ru)-ma, possibly representing Hismi-Sarruma) is ...
Nebria sajana is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be...
Mordella albopicta is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mord...
Mordella fluctuosa is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mord...
Mordella decorata is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Morde...
Mordella alboscutellaris is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the famil...
Mordella argenteosuturalis is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the fam...
Mordella carnoti is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mordel...
Mordella infranotata is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mo...
Mordella lebisi is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mordell...
