
NODE / DIMENSION  427 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['subfamily', 'apg', 'restenneth', 'family', 'lesmahagow', 'pythium']
	 Keywords (300):  ['important', 'research', 'accorded', 'communaute', 'national', 'list']
	 Concept:         Knowledge
	 Concept (val):   Characteristics of Different Regions. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Eibergen (Low Saxon: Eibarge) is a town and former municipality in Gelderland in...
	 The use-mention distinction is a foundational concept of analytic philosophy,Whe...
	 Neoism is a parodistic -ism. It refers both to a specific subcultural network of...
	 Positioning refers to the place that a brand occupies in the minds of the custom...
	 Encyclopedism is an outlook that aims to include a wide range of knowledge in a ...
	 The Hikayat Banjar () is the chronicle of Banjarmasin, Indonesia. This text, als...
	 Brut y Tywysogion () is one of the most important primary sources for Welsh hist...
	 The Xanthomonadales are a bacterial order within the Gammaproteobacteria. They a...
	 Egocentrism is the inability to differentiate between self and other. More speci...
	 Tiliaceae () is a family of flowering plants. It is not a part of the APG, APG I...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['cat', 'cats', '2012', 'oh', 'language', 'motionless']
	 Keywords (300): ['cat', 'cats', 'land', '2013', 'released', '2017']
	 Concept:        Diverse Topics.
         Concept (val):  The concept label that best represents the shared nature of these seemingly
disparate articles is "diverse cultural topics."
	 Extreme Articles:
Consensus realityBernardo Kastrup, Dreamed Up Reality: Diving into the Mind to Unc...
A bicolor cat or [color]-and-white cat is a cat with white fur combined with fur o...
Speed of advance (SOA) is used to indicate the speed to be made along the intended...
Child sex tourism (CST) is tourism for the purpose of engaging in the prostitution...
In demonology, Furfur (other spelling: Furtur, Ferthur) is a powerful Great Earl o...
Pit is a fast-paced card game for three to eight players, designed to simulate ope...
A land run or land rush was an event in which previously restricted land of the Un...
Portable sawmills are sawmills small enough to be moved easily and set up in the f...
The non-cooperation movement was a political campaign launched on 4 September 1920...
A purr is a tonal fluttering sound made by some species of felids, including both ...
