
NODE / DIMENSION  3 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['wasalat', 'gaudeamus', 'na', 'music', 'da', 'la']
	 Keywords (300):  ['music', 'wasalat', 'murki', 'carnatic', 'chembai', 'mordent']
	 Concept:         Music and arts.
	 Concept (val):   Performing Arts 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Clap Your Hands Say Yeah (sometimes abbreviated to CYHSY) is the musical project...
	 Murki is a short taan or inverted mordent in Hindustani classical music, known a...
	 Artevalencia is a non-profit association based in Benicassim, where different ar...
	 The msondo (or msondro) is a type of drum played in the Swahili-speaking world, ...
	 La caduta de' giganti (The Fall of the Giants) is an opera by the composer Chris...
	 A Question of Upbringing is the opening novel in Anthony Powell's A Dance to the...
	 The Music of Apulia has had some glorious history as well as some very hard time...
	 The Pfalztheater is a theatre building and company in the German city of Kaisers...
	 Clement Robinson () was an English writer and editor of songs and ballads. He ed...
	 Chembai Sangeetholsavam is an annual Carnatic music festival held in Guruvayur b...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['football', 'family', 'stadium', 'anzhi', 'sorman', 'skallagrimur']
	 Keywords (300): ['football', 'stadium', 'family', 'languages', 'colleague', 'senator']
	 Concept:        Diverse academic subjects.
	 Concept (val):  The concept label for these articles is "diversity". 

	 Extreme Articles:
A prognostic variable in engineering within the context of prognostics, is a measu...
A dissipative system is a thermodynamically open system which is operating out of,...
In the theory of computation, a Moore machine is a finite-state machine whose curr...
The Yukaghir languages (; also Yukagir, Jukagir) are a small family of two closely...
In psychology, displacement () is an unconscious defence mechanism whereby the min...
The Tennis and Rackets Association is the governing body for the sports of real te...
Bandwings, or band-winged grasshoppers, are the subfamily OedipodinaeOrthoptera Sp...
In child psychology, Papert's principle is often used to explain the results of  J...
Injimo Managreve is a former Chairman of the Council of Rotuma, the legislative bo...
The voiced retroflex trill is a sound that has been reported in Toda and confirmed...
