
NODE / DIMENSION  108 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['kingdom', 'united', 'uk', 'cornwall', 'british', 'bookbinder']
	 Keywords (300):  ['kingdom', 'england', 'united', 'british', 'cornwall', 'uk']
	 Concept:         British Culture
	 Concept (val):   Royal Household Concepts 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 A  or  (pl. ) is an idiosyncratic taboo, whether of obligation or prohibition, s...
	 The Life in the United Kingdom test is a computer-based test constituting one of...
	 Granville Sharp (10 November 1735 - 6 July 1813) was a British scholar, philanth...
	 In agriculture, a terrace is a piece of sloped plane that has been cut into a se...
	 The British American Security Information Council (BASIC) is a non-partisan thin...
	 Warwick HRI (formerly Horticulture Research International) was a United Kingdom ...
	 The Sheffield Assay Office is one of the four remaining assay offices in the Uni...
	 The Charity Organisation Societies were founded in England in 1869 following the...
	 A mullion is a vertical element that forms a division between units of a window ...
	 The UK Metric Association, or UKMA, is an advocacy group in the United Kingdom t...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['wolfsburg', 'center', 'region', 'district', 'island', 'located']
	 Keywords (300): ['center', 'district', 'located', 'region', 'village', 'south']
	 Concept:        Geographical Locations.
	 Concept (val):  Location 

	 Extreme Articles:
Lesotho's geographic location makes it extremely vulnerable to political and econo...
Corporate accountability is the acknowledgement and assumption of responsibility f...
The Cooloola monster  (Cooloola propator) is a large burrowing orthopteran of the ...
Ibdaa Cultural Center is a grassroots community-based project in the West Bank's P...
ZEGG (Zentrum fur experimentelle Gesellschaftsgestaltung or Center for Experimenta...
Tuggeranong Town Centre is the town centre of the district of Tuggeranong in the A...
Belconnen Town Centre is the town centre of the district of Belconnen in the Austr...
Margaret Anne "Peggy" Bulger is a folklorist and served as the director of the Ame...
Frittole (commonly known as "Frittuli"), is a traditional dish made of pork parts ...
Faleapuna is a village on the island of Upolu in Samoa. It is situated on the nort...
