
NODE / DIMENSION  494 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['activities', 'actions', 'learning', 'action', 'practice', 'process']
	 Keywords (300):  ['learning', 'process', 'activities', 'used', 'method', 'actions']
	 Concept:         Learning
	 Concept (val):   Artistic Techniques 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Infusion refers to the process of extracting chemical compounds or flavors from ...
	 Locksmithing is the science and art of making and defeating locks. Locksmithing ...
	 Paint is a liquid pigment that, after application to a solid material, and allow...
	 Observational learning is learning that occurs through observing the behavior of...
	 Theatre techniques are procedures that facilitate a successful presentation of a...
	 A workflow consists of an orchestrated and repeatable pattern of activity, enabl...
	 Improvisation, often shortened to improv, is the activity of making or doing som...
	 A recipe is a set of instructions that describes how to prepare or make somethin...
	 A ritual is a sequence of activities involving gestures, words, actions, or reve...
	 A tutorial, in education, is a method of transferring knowledge and may be used ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['baronetage', 'baronetcies', 'persons', 'surname', 'created', 'kingdom']
	 Keywords (300): ['baronetage', 'baronetcies', 'surname', 'persons', 'created', 'kingdom']
	 Concept:        Names
	 Concept (val):  Names 

	 Extreme Articles:
Controversy is a state of prolonged public dispute or debate, usually concerning a...
Humbert, Umbert or Humberto (Latinized Humbertus) is a Germanic given name, from h...
The Bebryces () were a tribe of people who lived in Bithynia. According to Strabo ...
The time value of money is the widely accepted conjecture that there is greater be...
Khun Borom (, ) or Khoun Bourom (, ) is a legendary progenitor of the Southwestern...
Ticinum (the modern Pavia) was an ancient city of Gallia Transpadana, founded on t...
Khachaturian, Khachaturyan, Khachadurian or Khachatourian () is an Armenian surnam...
Roel may refer to a Dutch masculine given name that is a short form of either Roel...
Lindus or Lindos () was one of the most important towns in ancient Rhodes. It was ...
Hippocleides (also Hippoclides) (), the son of Teisander (Teisandros), was an Athe...
