
NODE / DIMENSION  53 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['agent', 'outreach', 'facial', 'voxel', 'dormer', 'person']
	 Keywords (300):  ['person', 'object', 'interlocutor', 'allocation', 'term', 'code']
	 Concept:         Information Representation.
         Concept (val):   The concept label that represents the shared nature of these articles is
"diverse cultural practices and concepts."
	 Extreme Articles:
	 The cecum or caecum is a pouch within the peritoneum that is considered to be th...
	 Rough consensus is a term used in consensus decision-making to indicate the "sen...
	 In programming languages, name binding is the association of entities (data and/...
	 In software engineering, porting is the process of adapting software for the pur...
	 is a fictional character in the Sailor Moon media franchise. She is a black cat ...
	 A groupie is a fan of a particular musical group who follows the band around whi...
	 P-code is an alternative term for bytecode, machine-independent code that achiev...
	 In mathematics, two functions have a contact of order  if, at a point , they hav...
	 A caster (or castor) is an undriven wheel that is designed to be attached to the...
	 In mathematics, a group  is said to be complete if every automorphism of  is inn...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['angre', 'brother', 'arechis', 'raja', 'muar', 'half']
	 Keywords (300): ['dastur', 'matthiola', 'tellina', 'byor', 'filharmonie', 'moluk']
	 Concept:        People and Entities
	 Concept (val):  Encyclopedic Entries 

	 Extreme Articles:
Artaxias II,Temporini, Politische Geschichte (Provinzen Und Randv Lker: Griechisch...
Lok-Priya Sant-Kavi Maharaj Chatur Singhji lok-priy snt-kvi mhaaraaj ctur siNhjii ...
Tellina carpenteri, the carpenter tellin, is a bivalve mollusc in the family Telli...
Eidsfos Verk () was an ironworks  located at Eidsfoss in Vestfold og Telemark coun...
Arvid Hallen (born 3 July 1950) is a Norwegian sociologist and the Director-Genera...
Synopsis Universae Philologiae is an early work on comparative linguistics by Gott...
Shatra (personal name Paljor Dorje, full title Longchen Shatra Paljor Dorje (blon ...
The Moravian Philharmonic (Moravska filharmonie Olomouc) is a Czech classical orch...
Laram Quta or Larama Quta (Aymara larama blue quta lake, "blue lake", also spelled...
Streptomyces chrestomyceticus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyce...
