
NODE / DIMENSION  118 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['jicwebs', 'located', 'ezinihitte', 'square', 'gasworks', 'bulkeley']
	 Keywords (300):  ['located', 'built', 'house', 'trebula', 'square', 'netherlands']
	 Concept:         Miscellaneous Information.
         Concept (val):   Sleep state misperception is the concept that best represents the shared
nature of these seemingly disparate articles.
	 Extreme Articles:
	 Dialetheism (from Greek   'twice' and   'truth') is the view that there are stat...
	 Straperlo was a scheme which originated in the Netherlands in the 1930s and was ...
	 In myrmecology, a solarium is an earthen structure constructed by certain member...
	 Count Gustav Siegmund Kalnoky von Korospatak (Hungarian: grof Kalnoky Gusztav Zs...
	 Dedwyddfa is a house in Bryn Goodman, Ruthin, Denbighshire, Wales.  It is a Grad...
	 The Taubenklippe is a rock formation in the Harz mountains in the German state o...
	 Toirdhealbhach Og Donn O Conchobair (Turlough O'Connor) (died 9 December 1406) w...
	 Elijah Strong House is a historic home located at Ashland in Greene County, New ...
	 Plantage is a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, Netherlands located in its Centrum bor...
	 The main belief behind the concept of a money trust is that the majority of the ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['beach', 'lieutenant', 'swiftlet', 'island', 'lord', 'sea']
	 Keywords (300): ['beach', 'sea', 'island', 'new', 'professor', 'marine']
	 Concept:        Transportation and systems
	 Concept (val):  Miscellaneous 

	 Extreme Articles:
A cultural movement is a change in the way a number of different disciplines appro...
The Falkland Islands currently has three primary means of transport - road, sea an...
Indonesia's transport system has been shaped over time by the economic resource ba...
In the mythology of Fiji, Ratumaibulu is a god of great importance who presides ov...
Engineer's blue (also known as scraping blue, Prussian blue, or simply bluing) is ...
In economics, a time-based currency is an alternative currency or exchange system ...
The Dancing Wu Li Masters is a 1979 book by Gary Zukav, a popular science work exp...
Maximum time in grade in a military force is the longest amount of time that an of...
In mathematics, Parseval's theoremParseval des Chenes, Marc-Antoine Memoire sur le...
Reproduction fees are charged by image collections for the right to reproduce imag...
