
NODE / DIMENSION  11 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100):  ['orinoma', 'streptomyces', 'sioyaensis', 'arrhizus', 'capripoxviruses', 'rhizoids']
     Keywords (300):  ['streptomyces', 'genus', 'species', 'zellkulturen', 'mikroorganismen', 'sammlung']
	 Concept:         Animal Taxonomy.
	 Concept (val):   Microorganisms and Insects. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Cooloola is a genus of ensiferan orthopterans known as Cooloola monsters. It is ...
	 Nikhil V. Dhurandhar is a university professor who has published details about t...
	 Porocephaliasis is a condition associated with species in the closely related ge...
	 Ketapangia is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.Ketapangia, a new ge...
	 Posttaygetis is a monotypic butterfly genus of the subfamily Satyrinae in the fa...
	 Satyrotaygetis is a monotypic butterfly genus of subfamily Satyrinae in the fami...
	 Haemangela is a genus of moths of the  family Heliodinidae. It contains only one...
	 Streptomyces exfoliatus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces wh...
	 Cirrochroa menones is a heliconiine butterfly endemic to island of Mindanao in t...
	 Streptomyces misionensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces w...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['football', 'league', 'club', 'taguatinga', 'season', 'team']
	 Keywords (300): ['football', 'club', 'team', 'plays', 'league', 'season']
	 Concept:        Sports
	 Concept (val):  Sports. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In professional sports, as opposed to amateur sports, participants receive payment...
In Canadian football, a single (also called a single point, or rouge) is a one-poi...
The British Football Association was a short lived ruling body for the game of foo...
A kick-off is the method of starting and, in some cases, restarting play in a game...
SpVgg Beckum is a German association football club from the city of Beckum, North ...
Athletics is one of the sports at the quadrennial East Asian Games competition. It...
Angelos Skafidas (Aggelos Skaphidas) is a Greek soccer (footballer) player and a f...
Tervakosken Pato (abbreviated Pato) is a football club from Tervakoski, Janakkala,...
Dogan Seyfi Atli Stadium () is a soccer-specific stadium in Denizli, Turkey. It is...
Budowlani Lodz, is the women's volleyball department of Polish sports club Budowla...
