
NODE / DIMENSION  127 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['atikamekw', 'amblyptilia', 'opitciwan', 'threadtail', 'nyangatom', 'winged']
	 Keywords (300):  ['gelechiidae', 'moth', 'far', 'baraki', 'amblyptilia', 'chrysoesthia']
	 Concept:         Language and Culture.
	 Concept (val):   Eastern Eurasian Biodiversity. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The Ormur (), also called Burki or Baraki (), are an Eastern Iranic people mainl...
	 The orange larch tubemaker (Coleotechnites laricis) is a moth of the family Gele...
	 Arabic is one of the major languages that have been given attention by machine t...
	 Hellinsia mongolicus is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is found in the R...
	 Amblyptilia grisea is a moth of the family Pterophoridae that is found in Centra...
	 Euphaedra christyi is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is found in Ugan...
	 The Mariandyni (Mariandunoi or Maruandunoi) were an ancient tribe in the north-e...
	 Maale is one of the woredas in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples'...
	 Samaradasa Weerahandi, is the first Sri Lankan American statistician to be honor...
	 Teleiopsis tchukotka is a moth of the family Gelechiidae. It is found in the Rus...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['arboretum', 'france', 'chateau', 'located', 'hectares', 'journal']
	 Keywords (300): ['journal', 'located', 'arboretum', 'peer', 'chateau', 'reviewed']
	 Concept:        Descriptions of different types of structures, institutions and phenomena.
	 Concept (val):  Locations and structures. 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Chateau de Vaux-le-Vicomte ( is a Baroque French chateau located in Maincy, ne...
The Grammy Award for Best Small Ensemble Performance (from 2013: Best Chamber Musi...
A column still, also called a continuous still, patent still or Coffey still is a ...
Rhabdomyosarcoma (RMS) is a highly aggressive form of cancer that develops from me...
Schmorl's nodes  are protrusions of the nucleus pulposus of the intervertebral dis...
The user experience (UX) is how a user interacts with and experiences a product, s...
The Bethel Foundation, officially the Bodelschwingh Foundation Bethel ( as of 2009...
Guess What? is a picture book for children, written by Mem Fox and illustrated by ...
An existential graph is a type of diagrammatic or visual notation for logical expr...
"The Thunder, Perfect Mind" is a text originally discovered among the Gnostic manu...
