
NODE / DIMENSION  88 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['village', 'dun', 'tynwald', 'seniunaitija', 'kekarjawala', 'ammaveedus']
	 Keywords (300):  ['styrum', 'village', 'railway', 'artedi', 'bledrws', 'tynwald']
	 Concept:         Geographical locations.
	 Concept (val):   Place Names 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Parkgate is a suburb of Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England. It has since been c...
	 Chitrapur Saraswats are a small Konkani-speaking community of Hindu Brahmins in ...
	 Pont-Sainte-Maxence is a railway station serving the town Pont-Sainte-Maxence, O...
	 Neocekivana sila koja se iznenada pojavljuje i resava stvar (; translated as An ...
	 The Coalbrookdale Coalfield is a coalfield in Shropshire in the English Midlands...
	 Nirvan (or Nirwan) is also a gotra of Yaduvanshi Ahirs of Alwar Jhanpuri Haryana...
	 Seniunaitija (literally "sub-eldership") is the lowest level administrative-terr...
	 Erichsens Gard  is a timber-framed building  located at Ronne on Bornholm, Denma...
	 Joof, is a typical Serer patronym in the Gambia.  In French-speaking Senegal, it...
	 The early Dravidian religion constituted a non-Vedic form of Hinduism in that th...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['threadtail', 'family', 'states', 'species', 'canada', 'united']
	 Keywords (300): ['america', 'north', 'family', 'states', 'zerene', 'united']
	 Concept:        Species Geography History
	 Concept (val):  Nature and Wildlife 

	 Extreme Articles:
Speyeria zerene, the zerene fritillary, is a butterfly found in the western portio...
Schreckensteinia erythriella is a moth of the  family Schreckensteiniidae. It is f...
Chlosyne hoffmanni, or Hoffmann's checkerspot, is a butterfly of the family Nympha...
The Ervipiame were an Indigenous people of what is now northeastern Coahuila and s...
Agonum anthracinum is a species of ground beetle from a subfamily of Platyninae. I...
Amphiachyris amoena is a North American species of flowering plants in the family ...
Myer Joseph Newmark (1838-1911) was the youngest city attorney in the history of L...
Tinagma gaedikei is a moth in the Douglasiidae family. It is found in North Americ...
Grindelia pusilla, the little gumweed, is a North American species of flowering pl...
Sparganium acaule is a perennial plant found in the United States of America and C...
