
NODE / DIMENSION  84 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['kingdom', 'antazave', 'contract', 'andjembe', 'edward', 'whitshed']
	 Keywords (300):  ['edward', 'title', 'politician', 'kingdom', 'ireland', 'position']
	 Concept:         Information and history.
	 Concept (val):   Titles and roles of historical figures. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Context awareness refers, in information and communication technologies, to a ca...
	 The Grammy Award for Best Choral Performance has been awarded since 1961.  There...
	 In Canada from 1993 to 2003 and again from 2007 to 2008, secretary of state was ...
	 The Third Council of Toledo (589) marks the entry of Visigothic Spain into the C...
	 A townland (; Ulster-Scots: toonlann) is a small geographical division of land, ...
	 Sleep-learning (also known as hypnopaedia or hypnopedia) is an attempt to convey...
	 Wireless Telegraphy Act is (with its variations) a stock short title used for le...
	 Nonius Philippus was a governor of Britannia Inferior, a province of Roman Brita...
	 Thomas Jenkins was the headmaster of the King Edward VI Grammar School in Stratf...
	 Livingston Manor was a  tract of land in the Province of New York granted to Rob...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['streptomyces', 'genus', 'bacterium', 'species', 'isolated', 'order']
     Keywords (300): ['streptomyces', 'genus', 'bacterium', 'species', 'zellkulturen', 'mikroorganismen']
	 Concept:        Biodiversity.
	 Concept (val):  Bacterium species. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Psilotaceae is a family of ferns (class Polypodiopsida) consisting of two genera, ...
Blakeoceras is a nautiloid  cephalopod from the Oncocerida family Nothoceratidae w...
Dacryonaema is a genus of fungi in the order Dacrymycetales. As with other members...
Odostomia manukauensis is a species of gogalgay (plural gogalgae), a marine gastro...
Regiella insecticola is a species of bacteria, that lives as a symbiont of aphids....
Pusillimonas harenae is a Gram-negative, oxidase- and catalase-positive, motile ba...
Hollardosteus marocanus is a brachythoracid arthrodire placoderm from the Middle D...
Zamia decumbens, common name sinkhole cycad, is a species of cycad known only from...
Glyptothorax caudimaculatus is a species of catfish that was first described by An...
Homoadelphoceras is a genus of gyroconic rutoceratid Nautiloid from the Middle Dev...
