
NODE / DIMENSION  148 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['mental', 'psychology', 'psychological', 'states', 'illness', 'self']
	 Keywords (300):  ['mental', 'psychology', 'york', 'psychologist', 'new', 'depression']
	 Concept:         Mental Processes and Disorders
	 Concept (val):   Mental Health 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Hypnotherapy is a type of mind-body intervention in which hypnosis is used to cr...
	 Duomo (, ) is an Italian term for a church with the features of, or having been ...
	 In the field of psychology, cognitive dissonance is the perception of contradict...
	 Agnosia is the inability to process sensory information. Often there is a loss o...
	 The Homeland Security Advisory Council (HSAC) is part of the Executive Office of...
	 Associationism is the idea that mental processes operate by the association of o...
	 Eliminative materialism (also called eliminativism) is a materialist position in...
	 The term imbecile was once used by psychiatrists to denote a category of people ...
	 A cognitive distortion is an exaggerated or irrational thought pattern involved ...
	 In psychoanalysis, cathexis (or emotional investment) is defined as the process ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['pelophilus', 'propionivibrio', 'baronetage', 'extinct', 'heath', 'elafius']
     Keywords (300): ['rumsien', 'baronetage', 'pelophilus', 'propionivibrio', 'westerham', 'thrombophlebitis']
	 Concept:        Human Settlements.
	 Concept (val):  None of these articles share a common concept. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Grafting refers to a surgical procedure to move tissue from one site to another on...
Monoclonality refers to the state of a line of cells that have been derived from a...
The history of Derbyshire can be traced back to human settlement since the last Ic...
Thrombophlebitis is a phlebitis (inflammation of a vein) related to a thrombus (bl...
Nelshoogte Pass, also known as Nelsbergpas or Nelshoogte, is situated in the Mpuma...
The Snotingas were an Anglian tribe who either took their name from a chieftain ca...
There have been two baronetcies created for persons named Cameron, both in the bar...
Gib Heath (historically Gibb Heath or Gibheath) is a small area of Birmingham, Eng...
Hayti (pronounced "HAY-tie"), also called Hayti District, is the historic African-...
The rhombic lip is a posterior section of the developing metencephalon which can b...
