
NODE / DIMENSION  510 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['blockmodeling', 'mathematics', 'set', 'problem', 'model', 'logic']
	 Keywords (300):  ['mathematics', 'theory', 'problem', 'set', 'model', 'blockmodeling']
	 Concept:         Mathematics.
	 Concept (val):   Mathematics. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In mathematics, one can often define a direct product of objects already known, ...
	 Hold come what may is a phrase popularized by logician Willard Van Orman Quine. ...
	 "grep was a private command of mine for quite a while before i made it public." ...
	 In mathematics, more specifically ring theory, the Jacobson radical of a ring R ...
	 The Post correspondence problem is an undecidable decision problem that was intr...
	 Satisficing is a decision-making strategy or cognitive heuristic that entails se...
	 In colorimetry, metamerism is a perceived matching of colors with different (non...
	 An ellipsoid is a surface that can be obtained from a sphere by deforming it by ...
	 In mathematics, a diffeology on a set generalizes the concept of smooth charts i...
	 Hypercomputation or super-Turing computation is a set of models of computation t...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['ooni', 'ife', 'succeeded', 'yorubas', 'paramount', 'ile']
	 Keywords (300): ['ooni', 'ife', 'succeeded', 'yorubas', 'paramount', 'ile']
	 Concept:        The articles share the concept label of "diverse subjects".
	 Concept (val):  Diverse Contributions. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Peperomia is one of the two large genera of the family Piperaceae. It is estimated...
Zoutpansberg was the north-eastern division of the Transvaal, South Africa, encomp...
Iconclass is a specialized library classification designed for art and iconography...
In the Ottoman Empire of the 17th century the yerliyya were local Janissaries who ...
Xenophyophorea  is a clade of foraminiferans. Members of this class are multinucle...
The Aspleniaceae (spleenworts) are a family of ferns, included in the order Polypo...
Transnationality is the principle of acting at a geographical scale larger than th...
Antiphon of Rhamnus (; ; 480-411 BC) was the earliest of the ten Attic orators], a...
Scandza was described as a "great island" by Gothic-Byzantine historian Jordanes i...
The culture of Tajikistan has developed over several thousand years. Tajik culture...
