
NODE / DIMENSION  453 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100):  ['programming', 'code', 'verwaltungsgemeinschaft', 'language', 'near', 'variable']
	 Keywords (300):  ['code', 'programming', 'language', 'computer', 'located', 'near']
	 Concept:         Computer Programming
	 Concept (val):   Computing and technology. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 A metasyntactic variable is a specific word or set of words identified as a plac...
	 In computer programming, a string is traditionally a sequence of characters, eit...
	 In computer programming, a precondition is a condition or predicate that must al...
	 In computing, a unique type guarantees that an object is used in a single-thread...
	 In compiler construction, a basic block is a straight-line code sequence with no...
	 Reification is the process by which an abstract idea about a computer program is...
	 In computer science, a syntax error is an error in the syntax of a sequence of c...
	 Cross-language information retrieval (CLIR) is a subfield of information retriev...
	 In computer science and software programming, a value is the representation of s...
	 In software development, small matter of programming (SMOP) or simple matter of ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['mathematics', 'formula', 'compounds', 'theory', 'algebra', 'commutant']
	 Keywords (300): ['mathematics', 'formula', 'algebra', 'theory', 'compounds', 'group']
	 Concept:        Mathematics.
	 Concept (val):  Mathematics. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In mathematics, especially in order theory, the cofinality cf(A) of a partially or...
The theory of statistics provides a basis for the whole range of techniques, in bo...
In mathematics, the codomain or set of destination of a function is the set into w...
In abstract algebra, the sedenions form a 16-dimensional noncommutative and nonass...
In mathematics, a linear combination is an expression constructed from a set of te...
In geometry, a solid angle (symbol: ) is a measure of the amount of the field of v...
In bridge, a non-simultaneous double squeeze is a double squeeze in which the pres...
The third of Hilbert's list of mathematical problems, presented in 1900, was the f...
In mathematics, a diffeology on a set generalizes the concept of smooth charts in ...
In the mathematical areas of order and lattice theory, the Knaster-Tarski theorem,...
