
NODE / DIMENSION  193 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['order', 'certainty', 'incertae', 'sedis', 'taxa', 'taxon']
	 Keywords (300):  ['order', 'certainty', 'incertae', 'sedis', 'taxa', 'taxon']
	 Concept:         Knowledge sharing.
	 Concept (val):   Knowledge and Information. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 nferNelson is the former name of GL Assessment, a leading independent provider o...
	 Geniocracy is the framework for a system of government which was first proposed ...
	 The Adirondack Forty-Sixers are an organization of hikers who have climbed all f...
	 Stewart Simonson is the Assistant Director-General of the World Health Organizat...
	 Kolanka Venkata Raju is a Mridangam exponent and recipient of Sangeet Natak Akad...
	 In macroeconomic theory, general disequilibrium is a situation in which some or ...
	 Urceolaria is a genus of fungi in the Pezizales order. The relationship of this ...
	 The  is a Japanese commission which comes under the authority of the Financial S...
	 Plicatura is a fungal genus in the order Agaricales. It is incertae sedis with r...
	 Methanocaldococcus jannaschii (formerly Methanococcus jannaschii) is a thermophi...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['used', 'small', 'kwobrup', 'badgebup', 'land', 'carmaux']
	 Keywords (300): ['used', 'war', 'england', 'french', 'great', 'near']
     Concept:        Information about different countries, regions, and cultures are found in these articles.
     Concept (val):  Diverse knowledge.
	 
	 Extreme Articles:
Chad is one of the 47 landlocked countries in the world and is located in North Ce...
Transport in Eritrea includes highways, airports and seaports, in addition to vari...
Eco-gastronomy is an approach to alternative consumption that stresses the importa...
Photopia is a piece of literature by Adam Cadre rendered in the form of interactiv...
Miles Beresford Kington (13 May 1941 - 30 January 2008) was a British journalist, ...
Shangri-La is a fictional place in Tibet's Kunlun Mountains (Kun Lun Shan ), Uses ...
In agriculture, polyculture is the practice of growing more than one crop species ...
Developed and used by cultures living in forested areas, drums served as an early ...
Divertissement (from the French 'diversion' or 'amusement') is used, in a similar ...
Emporda (from the official name in , , name in , ) is a natural and historical reg...
