
NODE / DIMENSION  99 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['michau', 'theobald', 'est', 'yetzweirtius', 'cherethites', 'talland']
	 Keywords (300):  ['mordella', 'shilluk', 'gurme', 'thinadhoo', 'knyhy', 'hegesias']
	 Concept:         Historical Figures.
	 Concept (val):   Historical entities 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The House of Chodkiewicz (; ) was one of the most influential noble families of ...
	 The kende (or kundu) was one of the kings of the dual-monarchy of the early Hung...
	 Theobald Michau  (1676-1765) was a conservative"Theobald Michau est le dernier r...
	 Mordella flexuosa is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mor...
	 Mordella cinereoatra is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family ...
	 Mordella melanocephala is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the famil...
	 Gushnaspdad, known in Byzantine sources as Gousanastades (), was a Sasanian nobl...
	 Chlorencoelia is a species of fungus in the family Hemiphacidiaceae. It was orig...
	 The Books of the Genesis of the Ukrainian People (or Divine Law)  (, Knyhy Butti...
	 Jacobus Yetzweirtius or Yetzweirt (born 1541) was a 16th-century nobleman who se...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['service', 'user', 'players', 'team', 'maintenance', 'equipment']
	 Keywords (300): ['players', 'team', 'league', 'roster', 'security', 'service']
	 Concept:        Management
	 Concept (val):  Authentication and Support. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Security management is the identification of an organization's assets (including p...
Authorization or authorisation (see spelling differences) is the function of speci...
In the field of management, strategic management involves the formulation and impl...
Manufacturing operations concern the operation of a facility, as opposed to mainte...
In Major League Baseball, the general manager (GM) of a team typically controls pl...
ERC is Northeast Ohio's largest organization providing Human Resources and workpla...
Local Security Authority Subsystem Service (LSASS) is a process in Microsoft Windo...
This is a list of operating systems specifically focused on security. Operating sy...
Procurement is the process of locating and agreeing to terms and purchasing goods,...
A service-level agreement (SLA) is an agreement between a service provider and a c...
