
NODE / DIMENSION  411 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['law', 'act', 'decision', 'process', 'right', 'copyright']
	 Keywords (300):  ['law', 'decision', 'right', 'used', 'united', 'convention']
	 Concept:         Information Technology and Communication.
	 Concept (val):   Information Systems 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 A difference engine is an automatic mechanical calculator designed to tabulate p...
	 In telecommunication, a control operation (control function) is an operation tha...
	 In telecommunication, a quasi-analog signal is a digital signal that has been co...
	 Mrs. Miniver is a fictional character created by Jan Struther in 1937 for a seri...
	 The Force Bill, formally titled "An Act further to provide for the collection of...
	 A meta-analysis is a statistical analysis that combines the results of multiple ...
	 C News is a news server package, written by Geoff Collyer, assisted by Henry Spe...
	 A chemical reaction is said to be autocatalytic if one of the reaction products ...
	 The Washington Consensus is a set of ten economic policy prescriptions considere...
	 Drawing straws is a selection method, or a form of sortition, that is used by a ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['ilrc', 'ancient', 'lamptrai', 'sagteng', 'barranca', 'irunkovel']
	 Keywords (300): ['lamptrai', 'lamptra', 'ancient', 'attica', 'kathyperthen', 'devonian']
	 Concept:        Miscellaneous Descriptions
	 Concept (val):  Proper names. 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Gede ()  are the family of lwa that represent the powers of death and fertilit...
The prions () or whalebirds are small petrels in the genera Pachyptila and Halobae...
Wonalancet (16191697)  also spelled Wannalancet and Wannalancit and probably Wanal...
Cheli is a Spanish-language juvenile sociolect or jargon diatopically restricted t...
The Vagoth (latinised Vagothae) were a Germanic tribe mentioned by Jordanes as liv...
Transdanubia (; , Filozofski fakultet u Zagrebu Mira Kolar-Dimitrijevic - Hrvoje P...
Bromoureides are sedative-hypnotics available mainly in Europe, including acecarbr...
Kaus-gabri (Akkadian:  Qaus-gabari; Edomite:  Qaws-gabr) was king of Udumi or Edom...
Clydonitoidea, formerly Clydonitaceae, is a superfamily in the ammonoid cephalopod...
Nastus fausti is a weevil that has been investigated as a potential biocontrol age...
