
NODE / DIMENSION  155 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['enzyme', 'metabolite', 'ethambutol', 'sphingosine', 'catenin', 'amyrin']
	 Keywords (300):  ['streptomyces', 'ethambutol', 'isoniazid', 'isomerase', 'isolated', 'bacterium']
	 Concept:         Chemical compounds.
	 Concept (val):   Microorganisms 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 A substance is pyrophoric (from , , 'fire-bearing') if it ignites spontaneously ...
	 Scandenoside is any one of several chemical compounds isolated from certain plan...
	 Eccrinales are an order of eukaryotes, previously thought to be zygomycete fungi...
	 The N-terminal peptide/fragment of proopiomelanocortin (NPP; N-POMC), also known...
	 In molecular biology, the KduI/IolB isomerase family is a family of isomerase en...
	 In molecular biology, cia-dependent small RNAs (csRNAs) are small RNAs produced ...
	 Arthrobacter crystallopoietes is a bacterium species from the genus of Arthrobac...
	 Rhodocyclus gelatinosus is a gram-negative bacterium which has been transferred ...
	 Acropyga epedana is an ant in the subfamily Formicinae. It lives permanently und...
	 Naphthomycins are a group of closely related antimicrobial chemical compounds is...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['raining', 'engine', 'design', 'said', 'service', 'phone']
	 Keywords (300): ['design', 'telephone', 'service', 'models', 'century', 'korea']
	 Concept:        Variety of Topics.
	 Concept (val):  Diverse Concepts. 

	 Extreme Articles:
An amateur () is generally considered a person who pursues an avocation independen...
In South Korea, telecommunications services improved dramatically in the 1980s wit...
The Software Engineering Body of Knowledge (SWEBOK ( )) is an international standa...
In telephony, ringdown is a method of signaling an operator in which telephone rin...
A handyman, also known as a fixer, handypersonTunku Varadarajan, The Wall Street J...
Wansdyke (from Woden's Dyke) is a series of early medieval defensive linear earthw...
Annualized failure rate (AFR) gives the estimated probability that a device or com...
"A Nice Cup of Tea" is an essay by English author George Orwell, first published i...
A fault model is an engineering model of something that could go wrong in the cons...
Pepero (bbaebbaero) Day is held annually on November 11, and is an observance in S...
