
NODE / DIMENSION  475 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['mathematics', 'function', 'meaning', 'number', 'numbers', 'word']
	 Keywords (300):  ['mathematics', 'function', 'algebra', 'meaning', 'mathematical', 'set']
	 Concept:         Mathematics
	 Concept (val):   Mathematics. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In mathematics, the harmonic mean is one of several kinds of average, and in par...
	 In quantum mechanics, counterfactual definiteness (CFD) is the ability to speak ...
	 Unavailability, in mathematical terms, is the probability that an item will not ...
	 In algebra, the dual numbers are a hypercomplex number system first introduced i...
	 In mathematics, particularly in order theory, an upper bound or majorant of a su...
	 In mathematics, the domain of a function is the set of inputs accepted by the fu...
	 In mathematics, the codomain or set of destination of a function is the set into...
	 In mathematics, a linear combination is an expression constructed from a set of ...
	 The third of Hilbert's list of mathematical problems, presented in 1900, was the...
	 In fractional calculus, an area of mathematical analysis, the differintegral (so...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['process', 'title', 'dalmahoy', 'english', 'kartrak', 'hayrack']
	 Keywords (300): ['process', 'title', 'known', 'english', 'immune', 'created']
	 Concept:        Learning
	 Concept (val):  Titles or names of historical figures 

	 Extreme Articles:
Mutagenesis () is a process by which the genetic information of an organism is cha...
Observational learning is learning that occurs through observing the behavior of o...
Rotavirus is a genus of double-stranded RNA viruses in the family Reoviridae. Rota...
Decebalus (), sometimes referred to as Diurpaneus, was the last Dacian king. He is...
Jack Straw (probably the same person as John Rakestraw or Rackstraw) was one of th...
The manorial system of New France, known as the seigneurial system (), was the sem...
Immunosuppressive drugs, also known as immunosuppressive agents, immunosuppressant...
Boniface I, usually known as Boniface of Montferrat (; , Vonifatios Momferratikos)...
Immunization, or immunisation, is the process by which an individual's immune syst...
In sociolinguistics, hypercorrection is non-standard use of language that results ...
