
NODE / DIMENSION  352 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['mines', 'minefields', 'laid', 'removing', 'task', 'dangerous']
	 Keywords (300):  ['reserves', 'africa', 'pit', 'south', 'mines', 'expedition']
     Concept:         "diverse subjects."
	 Concept (val):   Ethnic groups and cultural identities. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The forgetting curve hypothesizes the decline of memory retention in time. This ...
	 The history of Namibia has passed through several distinct stages from being col...
	 Lifestyle is the interests, opinions, behaviours, and behavioural orientations o...
	 The Lavender Pit is a former open pit copper mine near Bisbee in Cochise County,...
	 Workplace politics is the process and behavior that in human interactions involv...
	 Utility fog (also referred to as foglets) is a hypothetical collection of tiny n...
	 A minehunter is a naval vessel that seeks, detects, and destroys individual nava...
	 Expert shopping is the practice of finding an authority on a given subject whose...
	 Monotropism is a person's tendency to focus their attention on a small number of...
	 looking across the suburb of  in the foreground to the Brindabella Ranges. The C...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['catholic', 'bishop', 'hierarchy', 'prelate', 'kamuy', 'roman']
	 Keywords (300): ['god', 'catholic', 'bishop', 'abdi', 'kamuy', 'hierarchy']
	 Concept:        Religious and Mythological Figures.
	 Concept (val):  Religious figures and institutions. 

	 Extreme Articles:
According to the Panarion of Epiphanius of Salamis (ch. 26), and Theodoret's Haere...
Fin is the subject of a legend involving the construction of a church. To get the ...
The Great Spirit is the concept of a life force, a Supreme Being or god known more...
Atziluth or Atzilut (also Olam Atsiluth, `volam AaTSiylvt, literally "the World of...
Abdi-Heba (Abdi-Kheba, Abdi-Hepat, or Abdi-Hebat) was a local chieftain of Jerusal...
Moni or Mone (Kamkata-vari: Mone/Mune), also known as Mandi (from Prasun) was, aft...
A jengu (pl. miengu) is a water spirit in the traditional beliefs of the Sawabantu...
Kalvaria Povazska Bystrica ( is a collection of fourteen buildings, of which thirt...
Ya'qob I was a legendary primate of the Church of the East, from the family of Jos...
The Sadlier Baronetcy, of Temple Dinsey in the County of Hertford, was a title in ...
