
NODE / DIMENSION  480 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['village', 'located', 'situated', 'town', 'city', 'district']
	 Keywords (300):  ['village', 'located', 'town', 'district', 'situated', 'city']
	 Concept:         Locations and Places.
	 Concept (val):   Location 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Scapegoating is the practice of singling out a person or group for unmerited bla...
	 Cap d'Agde () is a seaside resort on France's Mediterranean coast. It is located...
	 Mboubene is a town in the lower delta of the Senegal River, near the mouth of th...
	 Corporate accountability is the acknowledgement and assumption of responsibility...
	 Knole () is a country house and former archbishop's palace owned by the National...
	 Sjosanden is a beach in the town of Mandal in the municipality of Lindesnes in A...
	 Hill Head is a residential area and village on the coast of the Solent. It is lo...
	 Etherow Country Park is situated at Compstall, England, between Marple Bridge an...
	 Zydowce is a part of the city of Szczecin, Poland situated on the right bank of ...
	 Llanedeyrn () is a former village, now a district and community, in the east of ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['nonconvex', 'great', 'isohedral', 'dendralene', 'geometry', 'ditriacontahedron']
	 Keywords (300): ['nonconvex', 'great', 'geometry', 'used', 'isohedral', 'polyhedron']
	 Concept:        Abstract properties of objects and phenomena.
	 Concept (val):  Diverse Structures 

	 Extreme Articles:
Anisotropy () is the structural property of non-uniformity in different directions...
Carinatae is the group of all birds and their extinct relatives to possess a keel,...
Contrapposto () is an Italian term that means "counterpoise". It is used in the vi...
Cubomania is a Surrealist technique of making collages by cutting an image into sq...
A backscratcher (occasionally known as a scratch-back)  is a tool used for relievi...
Halftone is the reprographic technique that simulates continuous-tone imagery thro...
Cirrostratus  is a high-altitude, very thin, generally uniform stratiform genus-ty...
The heterotrichs are a class of ciliates.  They typically have a prominent adoral ...
High-visibility clothing, sometimes shortened to hi vis or hi viz, is any clothing...
In physics and chemistry, effusion is the process in which a gas escapes from a co...
