
NODE / DIMENSION  303 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['family', 'arhopala', 'species', 'neodermaptera', 'suborder', 'alburnoides']
	 Keywords (300):  ['species', 'family', 'lepidoptera', 'described', 'savela', 'markku']
	 Concept:         Information
	 Concept (val):   Knowledge and Discovery. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Photomontage is the process and the result of making a composite photograph by c...
	 In Aztec mythology, Tloquenahuaque, Tloque Nahuaque () or Tloque Naoaque ("Lord ...
	 An autocatalytic set is a collection of entities, each of which can be created c...
	 (; ) is a mixture of dried herbs considered typical of the Provence region of so...
	 In topology and related areas of mathematics, the set of all possible topologies...
	 Score following is the process of automatically listening to a live music perfor...
	 Eugenie Grandet is a novel first published in 1833 by French author Honore de Ba...
	 was a district located in Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan. At its greatest extent it i...
	 A canovaccio is a scenario used by commedia dell'arte players. It consisted only...
	 Following the 2011 Tunisian revolution, elections in Tunisia for the president a...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['argument', 'option', 'reason', 'question', 'fallacy', 'proposition']
	 Keywords (300): ['argument', 'error', 'fallacy', 'decision', 'refers', 'preference']
	 Concept:        Concept label: Semantics
	 Concept (val):  Concept label: Logical fallacies and cognitive biases. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Ambiguity is the type of meaning in which a phrase, statement, or resolution is no...
In epistemology, the regress argument is the argument that any proposition require...
Amplitude distortion is distortion occurring in a system, subsystem, or device whe...
Design objective (DO):  In communications systems, a desired performance character...
A heuristic argument is an argument that reasons from the value of a method or pri...
Internal rate of return (IRR) is a method of quantifying the merits of a project o...
In philosophy, a noumenon (, ; ; : noumena) is knowledge posited as an object that...
Special pleading is an informal fallacy wherein one cites something as an exceptio...
In human biology, handedness is an individual's preferential use of one hand, know...
In mathematics, the adjective trivial is often used to refer to a claim or a case ...
