
NODE / DIMENSION  383 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100):  ['development', 'management', 'organisation', 'international', 'learning', 'work']
     Keywords (300):  ['development', 'learning', 'education', 'international', 'research', 'organization']
	 Concept:         International Relations
	 Concept (val):   Development 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Burkina Faso has good relations with the European Union, African and certain Asi...
	 Cameroon's noncontentious, low-profile approach to foreign relations puts it squ...
	 The government's official policy is one of nonalignment. In its search for assis...
	 Foreign relations of Tajikistan are based on a desire to secure foreign investme...
	 Eldis is a database and email service of information sources on international de...
	 The term large-group awareness training (LGAT) refers to activities - usually of...
	 A project is any undertaking, carried out individually or collaboratively and po...
	 Focused improvement in the theory of constraints is an ensemble of activities ai...
	 Facilitation in business, organizational development (OD) and consensus decision...
	 Market research is an organized effort to gather information about target market...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['law', 'legal', 'case', 'right', 'court', 'property']
	 Keywords (300): ['law', 'case', 'right', 'legal', 'property', 'court']
	 Concept:        Law and legal procedures.
	 Concept (val):  Law. 

	 Extreme Articles:
At common law, damages are a remedy in the form of a monetary award to be paid to ...
Vexatious litigation is legal action which is brought  solely to harass or subdue ...
In law, a judgment, also spelled judgement, is a decision of a court regarding the...
Promulgation is the formal proclamation or the declaration that a new statutory or...
Eidgenossisches Justiz- und Polizeidepartement Departement federal de justice et p...
Eudiptera is a suborder of Diptera under an alternative subordinal classification ...
Vigorish (also known as juice, under-juice, the cut, the take, the margin, the hou...
A legal release is a legal instrument that acts to terminate any legal liability b...
A rocket docket is a court or other tribunal that is noted for its speedy disposit...
A medium-term note (MTN) is a debt note that usually matures (is paid back) in 5-1...
