
NODE / DIMENSION  17 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['company', 'limited', 'leonese', 'infochoice', 'holding', 'icdas']
	 Keywords (300):  ['company', 'power', 'group', 'based', 'owned', 'companies']
	 Concept:         Diversity.
	 Concept (val):   Miscellaneous. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 SOGEPA (Societe de Gestion de Participations Aeronautiques) is a French holding ...
	 Astra is the brand name for a number of geostationary communication satellites, ...
	 The music of Uzbekistan has reflected the diverse influences that have shaped th...
	 In computing, security-evaluated operating systems have achieved certification f...
	 The Aviation Week Network is a New-York based B2B publishing and event productio...
	 The Secretary of State for Canada, established in 1867 with a corresponding depa...
	 The AD Navyplane was designed by the British Admiralty's Air Department as a rec...
	 Bouvet was a pre-dreadnought battleship of the French Navy that was built in the...
	 The Sandford principle is a concept in the management of protected landscapes in...
	 Batucada is a substyle of samba and refers to a percussive style, usually perfor...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100): ['spinicaudata', 'cyzicidae', 'leptestheriidae', 'rostral', 'crustaceans', 'spine']
	 Keywords (300): ['family', 'hopene', 'outline', 'ascomycota', 'placement', 'uncertain']
	 Concept:        Natural Classification Systems.
	 Concept (val):  Technology. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Coleophora polichomriensis is a moth of the family Coleophoridae. It is found in A...
Squalene-hopene cyclase (SHC) () or hopan-22-ol hydro-lyase is an enzyme in the te...
Lindenbergia is a genus of herbaceous plants in the order Lamiales and in the broo...
Pleomelogramma is a genus of fungi in the family Herpotrichiellaceae; according to...
Capsulospora is a genus of fungi in the family Amphisphaeriaceae; according to the...
Pemphidium is a genus of fungi in the family Amphisphaeriaceae; according to the 2...
