
NODE / DIMENSION  364 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['synthetic', 'weight', 'unknown', 'years', 'city', 'year']
	 Keywords (300):  ['isotopes', 'year', 'city', 'stable', 'synthetic', 'element']
	 Concept:         Concept Label: Abstract Concepts in Various Disciplines.
	 Concept (val):   Language and terminology. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Abeyance (from the Old French  meaning "gaping") is a state of expectancy in res...
	 The Fermi paradox is the discrepancy between the lack of conclusive evidence of ...
	 In metaphysics, nominalism is the view that universals and abstract objects do n...
	 A white elephant is a possession that its owner cannot dispose of, and whose cos...
	 All data about demographic information regarding Western Sahara are extremely er...
	 A synthetic radioisotope is a radionuclide that is not found in nature: no natur...
	 Reality is the sum or aggregate of all that is real or existent within the unive...
	 A common year starting on Wednesday is any non-leap year (a year with 365 days) ...
	 The system of academic degrees at the University of Oxford can be confusing to t...
	 In chemistry, intramolecular describes a process or characteristic limited withi...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['incises', 'koli', 'montoire', 'hand', 'chateauroux', 'dentin']
	 Keywords (300): ['french', 'incises', 'used', 'skeena', 'mururoa', 'shev']
	 Concept:        Cultural diversity.
	 Concept (val):  Miscellaneous historical topics. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Children (defined by the Convention on the Rights of the Child as people under the...
The Trouton-Noble experiment was an attempt to detect motion of the Earth through ...
The Ramsgate tugs were a series of tugboats used at Ramsgate harbour since the 19t...
The first Slovak orthography was proposed by Anton Bernolak (1762-1813) in his Dis...
Interculturalism is a political movement that supports cross-cultural dialogue and...
Uyaquq (also Uyaquk or Uyakoq; sometimes referred to in English as Helper Neck) (c...
The Doliolida are an order of small marine animals of the subphylum Tunicata. They...
Shift Out (SO) and Shift In (SI) are ASCII control characters 14 and 15, respectiv...
Opisthotonus or opisthotonos (from  and ) is a state of severe hyperextension and ...
Syahi (also known as gaab, ank, satham or karanai) is the tuning paste applied to ...
