
NODE / DIMENSION  196 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['genus', 'extinct', 'monotypic', 'family', 'right', 'species']
	 Keywords (300):  ['genus', 'species', 'order', 'monotypic', 'family', 'extinct']
	 Concept:         Extinction.
	 Concept (val):   Language and Definitions. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In phonetics, a plosive, also known as an occlusive or simply a stop, is a pulmo...
	 A news server is a collection of software used to handle Usenet articles. It may...
	 Arginbaatar is a genus of extinct mammal from the Lower Cretaceous of Mongolia. ...
	 Psalodon is an extinct genus of North American mammal that lived during the Uppe...
	 Krauseia is an extinct genus of small mammal from the Paleocene of North America...
	 Cimolomys is a mammal genus from the Upper Cretaceous of North America. It was a...
	 Uzbekbaatar is a genus of extinct mammal from the Upper Cretaceous of Uzbekistan...
	 An in-camera effect is any special effect in a video or movie that is created so...
	 Inward investment is the injection of money from an external source into a regio...
	 Special legislation is a legal term of art used in the United States to refer to...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['et', 'pollienus', 'garlande', 'republikas', 'clioh', 'grandcolas']
	 Keywords (300): ['du', 'pollienus', 'lingeer', 'concept', 'cultural', 'ideas']
	 Concept:        Concept: Diverse Ideas.
	 Concept (val):  Diverse Cultural Concepts. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Gilles de Bins dit Binchois (also Binchoys;  - 20 September 1460) was a Franco-Fle...
The many-minds interpretation of quantum mechanics extends the many-worlds interpr...
The Megali Idea () is a nationalist and irredentist concept that expresses the goa...
Hashcash is a proof-of-work system used to limit E-mail spam and denial-of-service...
Karisimbi is a commune of the city of Goma in North Kivu, Democratic Republic of t...
The alphabet of human thought () is a concept originally proposed by Gottfried Wil...
MHSnet is a store-and-forward Message Handling System for wide area networks.  MHS...
Womanism is a social theory based on the history and everyday experiences of black...
Monotropism is a person's tendency to focus their attention on a small number of i...
A modal frame in music is "a number of types permeating and unifying African, Euro...
