
NODE / DIMENSION  39 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['turduli', 'ibiuna', 'tamique', 'aplatophis', 'aranama', 'jumano']
	 Keywords (300):  ['lingafelter', 'wappes', 'cerca', 'canidia', 'macaco', 'leafwing']
	 Concept:         Nature and Wildlife.
	 Concept (val):   Historical figures and events. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Oospila confundaria is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Heinr...
	 Canidia chemsaki is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It ...
	 Canidia giesberti is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It...
	 Siderone galanthis, the scarlet leafwing or red-striped leafwing, is a species o...
	 Ceramida malacensis is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily. It wa...
	 Transtillaspis papallactana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It i...
	 Ethmia miriamschulmanae is a moth in the family Depressariidae. It is found in C...
	 Perla is a one-act zarzuela by Miguel Marques for a libretto (in verse) by . It ...
	 Cerca do Macaco, also called "Cerca Real dos Macacos" or just "Macaco", was a hi...
	 The Chilean port of Quintero and adjacent Puchuncavi have made themselves known ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['india', 'kinathukadavu', 'hosadurga', 'hyalomma', 'village', 'taluk']
	 Keywords (300): ['india', 'nayanar', 'princely', 'district', 'state', 'karnataka']
	 Concept:        Indian Geography and Culture.
	 Concept (val):  Geographical Locations. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Panchala (, IAST: ) was an ancient kingdom of northern India, located in the Gange...
In regional versions of the Hindu epic Mahabharata, Ahilawati (Ahilavati), also kn...
Phyllocnistis citronympha is a moth of the family Gracillariidae, known from Mahar...
Babariawad was a small principality under suzerainty of the Princely state of Juna...
Phanolith is a kind of porcelain that combines the characteristics and benefits of...
Kuspangi is a second largest village in Banki-Dompara block under Banki tehsil and...
Anchachavadi is a village beside Madumala in Kalikavu Panchayat, Nilambur taluk in...
Shanti-Sthala is the samadhi of the 13th head of Ramsnehi Sampradaya, Swami Ji Shr...
Gautama Vajra Vajracharya () is a Sanskritist and scholar specializing in the icon...
Gangohi (}}, Gangohi) is a nisbat or surname derived from the name of the city of ...
