
NODE / DIMENSION  423 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['lepidoptera', 'lemoniidae', 'rougerie', 'brahmaeidae', 'bombycoidea', 'zwick']
	 Keywords (300):  ['lepidoptera', 'family', 'moth', 'species', 'savela', 'lemoniidae']
	 Concept:         The shared nature of these seemingly disparate articles is "taxonomy".
	 Concept (val):   Nature. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In Greek mythology, Celaeno (;  Kelaino, lit. 'the dark one', also Celeno or Kel...
	 A prognostic variable in engineering within the context of prognostics, is a mea...
	 Tigrosa aspersa is a large (up to one-inch (25 mm) body length) wolf spider that...
	 Psychosynthesis is an approach to psychology that expands the boundaries of the ...
	 A commitment scheme is a cryptographic primitive that allows one to commit to a ...
	 Perspectivism (; also called perspectivalism) is the epistemological principle t...
	 A cosmorama is an exhibition of perspective pictures of different places in the ...
	 Dianthus deltoides, the maiden pink, is a species of Dianthus native to most of ...
	 The variable damselfly or variable bluet (Coenagrion pulchellum) is a European d...
	 Heliothis fuscimacula is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae first describ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['video', 'audio', 'television', 'channel', 'youtube', 'news']
	 Keywords (300): ['video', 'television', 'channel', 'videos', 'youtube', 'news']
	 Concept:        Communication
	 Concept (val):  Media and Entertainment. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In film and video, a cutaway is the interruption of a continuously filmed action b...
Unboxing is the process of unpacking consumer products, especially high-tech gadge...
The history of Schleswig-Holstein consists of the corpus of facts since the pre-hi...
Word of mouth, also called viva voce, is the passing of information from person to...
The low-frequency effects (LFE) channel is a band-limited audio track that is used...
The headline or heading is the text indicating the content or nature of the articl...
The MTV Video Music Award for Best Long Form Video was first given out in 1991. It...
is a famous  story, a form of Japanese spoken entertainment. It has a simple story...
A phone-sync (also known as a tape-sync, a simul-rec, or a double-ender) was a tec...
That Reminds Me is a series of programmes broadcast on BBC Radio 4 where someone (...
