
NODE / DIMENSION  357 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['european', 'commission', 'union', 'committee', 'council', 'cooperation']
	 Keywords (300):  ['european', 'commission', 'union', 'council', 'international', 'committee']
	 Concept:         Policy-making and governance.
	 Concept (val):   International Cooperation. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) is an economic development ...
	 In the politics of the European Union, an Intergovernmental Conference (IGC) is ...
	 The Doha Declaration on the TRIPS Agreement and Public Health was adopted by the...
	 The Privy Council Office (PCO) provides secretariat and administrative support t...
	 The Financial Services Authority (FSA) was a quasi-judicial body accountable for...
	 In the field of management, strategic management involves the formulation and im...
	 As of January 2023, the World Customs Organization has a total of 185 members. T...
	 The Minister responsible for the Canadian Wheat Board is the member of the Canad...
	 Spatial planning mediates between the respective claims on space of the state, m...
	 The European Higher Education Area (EHEA) was launched in March 2010, during the...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['peg', 'cheilosia', 'minimiflora', 'mumblety', 'abdominea', 'diallage']
	 Keywords (300): ['species', 'peg', 'family', 'forfeited', 'ectopsocus', 'conehead']
	 Concept:        Species
         Concept (val):  Miscellaneous: This label captures the fact that the articles cover a wide
range of unrelated topics.
	 Extreme Articles:
Robiquetia minimiflora, or the tiny-flowered abdominea, is a very rare monopodial ...
An orphan work is a copyright-protected work for which rightsholders are positivel...
A deodand is a thing forfeited or given to God, specifically, in law, an object or...
Sarcoscypha austriaca is a saprobic fungus in the family Sarcoscyphaceae of the or...
Gottfridsberg in Linkoping is a city district, west of the Inner City. It consists...
Ectopsocus axillaris is a species of Psocoptera from the Ectopsocidae family that ...
Ectopsocus petersi is a species of Psocoptera from the Ectopsocidae family that ca...
Stenopsocus immaculatus is a species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family that ...
Yoldiabukta is a bay in Nordfjorden at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It has a width of ab...
Mabangis na Lungsod is a story written by Efren Abueg. The story is all about Adon...
