
NODE / DIMENSION  136 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['proanthocyanidins', 'nagara', 'squirrelfish', 'neumogen', 'jfets', 'nyali']
	 Keywords (300):  ['used', 'traditional', 'variety', 'willowherb', 'proanthocyanidins', 'nagara']
     Concept:         The concept label that best represents the shared nature of these seemingly disparate articles is "diversity".
	 Concept (val):   People 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Diaper is any of a wide range of decorative patterns used in a variety of works ...
	 A baritoneOr barytone, although this spelling is essentially archaic and little-...
	 Mahseer is the common name used for the genera Tor, Neolissochilus, Naziritor an...
	 Senegal's music is best known abroad due to the popularity of mbalax, a developm...
	 The bushshrikes are smallish passerine birds. They were formerly classed with th...
	 The ephors were a board of five magistrates in ancient Sparta. They had an exten...
	 Gomashio (hiragana: [also spelled gomasio) is a dry condiment], similar to [[fur...
	 The International Academy of Design and Technology (IADT) was a private for-prof...
	 Accessory is a German synthpop/electro-industrial group consisting of Dirk Steye...
	 Gunhild (with variants Gundhild, Gunhilda, Gunhilde, Gunhjild, Gunilda, Gunnhild...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['individual', 'method', 'vie', 'time', 'story', 'occurs']
	 Keywords (300): ['story', 'time', 'process', 'published', 'method', 'rimur']
	 Concept:        Information Systems.
	 Concept (val):  Stories throughout history. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In computer science and optimization theory, the max-flow min-cut theorem states t...
Woodcut is a relief printing technique in printmaking. An artist carves an image i...
Ideas of reference and delusions of reference describe the phenomenon of an indivi...
Death by crushing or pressing is a method of execution that has a history during w...
In computer science, the Edmonds-Karp algorithm is an implementation of the Ford-F...
The  Lord Mayor's Show is one of the best-known annual events in London as well as...
Execution in computer and software engineering is the process by which a computer ...
Count Belisarius is a historical novel by Robert Graves, first published in 1938, ...
In descriptive statistics and chaos theory, a recurrence plot (RP) is a plot showi...
Crystalloluminescence is the effect of luminescence produced during crystallizatio...
