
NODE / DIMENSION  455 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['butterfly', 'self', 'law', 'tanzania', 'uluguru', 'realm']
	 Keywords (300):  ['law', 'butterfly', 'states', 'united', 'canton', 'self']
	 Concept:         Concept label: Human agency and behavior
	 Concept (val):   Concept label: Governance and Authority. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In sociology, habitus () is the way that people perceive and respond to the soci...
	 In philosophy, systems theory, science, and art, emergence occurs when a complex...
	 Hope is an optimistic state of mind that is based on an [of positive outcomes wi...
	 The cytochrome complex, or cyt c, is a small hemeprotein found loosely associate...
	 Empowerment is the degree of autonomy and self-determination in people and in co...
	 The Comstock laws are a set of federal acts passed by the United States Congress...
	 Consideration is the central concept in the common law of contracts and is requi...
	 Organizational learning is the process of creating, retaining, and transferring ...
	 In existential psychotherapy, responsibility assumption is the doctrine, practic...
	 The Department for Constitutional Affairs (DCA) was a United Kingdom government ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['feminine', 'women', 'masculine', 'male', 'men', 'golovina']
	 Keywords (300): ['male', 'female', 'women', 'feminine', 'bc', 'masculine']
	 Concept:        Characters in different cultural and historical contexts.
	 Concept (val):  Obscure historical figures 

	 Extreme Articles:
La Ruffiana is an older female character of the Commedia dell'Arte with a shady pa...
In Gallo-Roman religion, Bricta or Brixta was a Gaulish goddess who was a consort ...
Ephebophilia is the primary sexual interest in mid-to-late adolescents, generally ...
The ischiocavernosus muscle (erectores penis or erector clitoridis in older texts)...
Bakis (also Bacis; ) is a general name for the inspired prophets and dispensers of...
A fakaleiti (or leiti or fakafefine or lady) is a Tongan individual assigned male ...
Sobaka magazineSobaka means "hound" or "dog" in Russian. was an avant-garde period...
Anthimachus I Theos (Greek: ; known as Antimakha in Indian sources) was believed t...
Ancrene Wisse (; also known as the Ancrene Riwle  or Guide for Anchoresses) is an ...
The Spur Posse was a group of high school boys from Lakewood, California, who used...
