
NODE / DIMENSION  198 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['software', 'computer', 'dos', 'fileset', 'gubb', 'user']
	 Keywords (300):  ['software', 'computer', 'data', 'interface', 'dos', 'microsoft']
	 Concept:         Computer Science Programming Languages.
	 Concept (val):   Software Components. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Abstract-Type and Scheme-Definition Language (ASDL) is a computer language devel...
	 In computer science, in the field of databases, read-write conflict, also known ...
	 In computer science, a join point is a point in the control flow of a program wh...
	 words is a standard file on Unix and Unix-like operating systems, and is simply ...
	 X-No-Archive, also known colloquially as xna, is a newsgroup message header fiel...
	 PC-File was a flat file database computer application most often run on DOS. It ...
	 WS-ReliableMessaging describes a protocol that allows SOAP messages to be reliab...
	 Uniscribe is the Microsoft Windows set of services for rendering Unicode-encoded...
	 LessTif is a defunct free software reimplementation or clone of the Motif comput...
	 In concurrent programming, an operation (or set of operations) is linearizable i...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['alkaloids', 'compounds', 'aporphine', 'actin', 'chemical', 'gelsolin']
	 Keywords (300): ['alkaloids', 'bacterium', 'gram', 'commonly', 'compounds', 'acids']
	 Concept:        Chemical Elements and Compounds.
	 Concept (val):  Inorganic chemistry. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Potassium is the chemical element with the symbol K (from Neo-Latin [and atomic nu...
Octahedrites are the most common structural class of iron meteorites. The structur...
A substance is anhydrous if it contains no water. Many processes in chemistry can ...
Thulite (sometimes called rosaline) is a translucent, crystalline or massive pink ...
The cheroot is a filterless cylindrical cigar with both ends clipped during manufa...
A fluoropolymer is a fluorocarbon-based polymer with multiple  carbon-fluorine bon...
The Aland was a four-cylinder 2.5-liter 16-valve, single OHC automobile with diago...
Pozzolana or pozzuolana ( , ), also known as pozzolanic ash (), is a natural silic...
A headshell is a head piece designed to be attached to the end of a turntable's or...
Exonucleases are enzymes that work by cleaving nucleotides one at a time from the ...
