
NODE / DIMENSION  285 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100):  ['employment', 'woredas', 'verwaltungsgemeinschaft', 'nationalities', 'ezha', 'sebat']
	 Keywords (300):  ['woredas', 'employment', 'canton', 'people', 'southern', 'nationalities']
	 Concept:         Geographical regions.
	 Concept (val):   Cultural diversity. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Steinburg () is a district in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, administered from Itz...
	 Gustrow () is a former district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It was bound...
	 In coal geology, liptinite is the finely-ground and macerated remains found in c...
	 The workforce or labour force is a concept referring to the pool of human beings...
	 The Anti-Secession Law () is a law of the People's Republic of China, passed by ...
	 Sharada is the autumn season in the Hindu calendar. It roughly corresponds to th...
	 was a Japanese era (Nian Hao , nengo, lit. year name) of the Southern Court duri...
	 Kokoku (Xing Guo ) was a Japanese era of the Southern Court during the Era of No...
	 The common emerald (Hemithea aestivaria) is a moth of the family Geometridae. Th...
	 The Sicani or Sicanians were one of three ancient peoples of Sicily present at t...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['game', 'hetchin', 'positional', 'independent', 'games', 'computer']
	 Keywords (300): ['game', 'organization', 'profit', 'games', 'memory', 'online']
	 Concept:        Storage.
	 Concept (val):  Games 

	 Extreme Articles:
A closet (especially in North American English usage) is an enclosed space, with a...
Kozmo.com was a venture-capital-funded online company that promised free one-hour ...
DanceSafe is a Berkeley, California based nonprofit organization founded in 1998 b...
Twistor memory is a form of computer memory formed by wrapping magnetic tape aroun...
Memory distrust syndrome is a condition coined by  Gisli Gudjonsson and James MacK...
Taste is a Macintosh word processor that combined a number of basic features from ...
Lamport (occasionally also Langport) was a hamlet in the parish of Stowe in north ...
Alginite is a component of some types of kerogen alongside amorphous organic matte...
Hand games are games played using only the hands of the players. Hand games exist ...
Pierre Isabelle is Principal Scientist and Group Leader of the Interactive Languag...
