
NODE / DIMENSION  191 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['test', 'language', 'dual', 'gobbet', 'dodecahemicosacron', 'apophainein']
	 Keywords (300):  ['test', 'professor', 'small', 'trauzl', 'dual', 'analysis']
	 Concept:         Concept Label: Symbolic Representation.
	 Concept (val):   Academic disciplines. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In computer and machine-based telecommunications terminology, a character is a u...
	 "The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Mathematics in the Natural Sciences" is a 196...
	 In number theory, the Baker-Heegner-Stark theorem calls this the Stark-Heegner t...
	 In statistics, a nuisance parameter is any parameter which is unspecified but wh...
	 Scientometrics is the field of study which concerns itself with measuring and an...
	 Mordechai (Moti) Ben-Ari () is a professor emeritus of computer science educatio...
	 In linguistics, a zero or null is a segment which is not pronounced or written. ...
	 In computer science, a turmite is a Turing machine which has an orientation in a...
	 The master argument is George Berkeley's argument that mind-independent objects ...
	 In semiotics, the commutation test is used to analyze a signifying system. The t...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['national', 'profit', 'non', 'organization', 'charity', 'united']
	 Keywords (300): ['organization', 'national', 'united', 'charity', 'non', 'profit']
	 Concept:        Diversity and Associations.
         Concept (val):  The concept label that best represents the shared nature of these articles
is "diverse topics."
	 Extreme Articles:
A desmodromic valve is a reciprocating engine poppet valve that is positively clos...
The Commission for Dark Skies (CfDS) (formerly the Campaign for Dark Skies; the na...
The Solidarity Center is a non-profit organization aligned with the AFL-CIO labor ...
The Clovers are an American rhythm and blues/doo-wop vocal group who became one of...
Social support is the perception and actuality that one is cared for, has assistan...
Shared services is the provision of a service by one part of an organization or gr...
Acrotomophilia (from the Greek  "having the top cut off" (from   "extremity" and -...
Adele Fifield (born 1966) is a recipient of the Order of Ontario, and was a direct...
Operation Day's Work is a solidarity program based on volunteering by high school ...
Comunes is a nonprofit organization aiming to encourage the commons and facilitati...
