
NODE / DIMENSION  294 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['ancient', 'potamus', 'site', 'tribe', 'tenebrionidae', 'darkling']
	 Keywords (300):  ['ancient', 'tribe', 'site', 'town', 'roman', 'coccidulini']
	 Concept:         Places and Concepts
	 Concept (val):   Ancient civilizations and cultures. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Zaanaim, Zaanannim or Bezaanaim is a place name applied to one or two locations ...
	 In Roman mythology, the goddess Domiduca protects children on the way back to th...
	 Tlillan-Tlapallan  'Place of the black and red colour' is a legendary place or r...
	 In archaeology, fire-cracked rock (FCR) or fire-affected rock (FAR), is rock of ...
	 In Greek mythology Phthia (;  or Phthie Phthia, Phthie) was a city or district i...
	 In archaeological excavation, a feature is a collection of one or more contexts ...
	 In archaeology, a bout-coupe is a type of handaxe that constituted part of the N...
	 Harifian is a specialized regional cultural development of the Epipalaeolithic o...
	 Jeli Thuluth () is a calligraphic variety of Arabic script. This term was applie...
	 In petrology and geochemistry, an incompatible element is one that is unsuitable...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['airline', 'air', 'aircraft', 'flight', 'aviation', 'lanitz']
	 Keywords (300): ['aircraft', 'airline', 'air', 'aviation', 'flight', 'fly']
	 Concept:        Transportation.
	 Concept (val):  Broad Topics 

	 Extreme Articles:
The vast majority of passenger travel in the United States occurs by automobile fo...
The New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) is an economic development pr...
They are not listed here because they are home to Lufthansa's subsidiaries Eurowin...
The Oligohymenophorea are a large class of ciliates. There is typically a ventral ...
The Rutan Model 76 Voyager was the first aircraft to fly around the world without ...
Aviation is the design, development, production, operation, and use of aircraft, e...
The Klemm Leichtflugzeugbau GmbH ("Klemm Light Aircraft Company") was a German air...
The Westland Lysander is a British army co-operation and liaison aircraft produced...
The photorefractive effect is a nonlinear optical effect seen in certain crystals ...
A crosswind is any wind that has a perpendicular component to the line or directio...
