
NODE / DIMENSION  121 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['species', 'rolan', 'garces', 'espinosa', 'cerithiopsidae', 'dragonfish']
	 Keywords (300):  ['sea', 'species', 'cerithiopsidae', 'family', 'described', 'gastropod']
	 Concept:         Marine biodiversity.
	 Concept (val):   Marine and Aquatic Life. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 A well smack was a type of traditional fishing boat in use in the United Kingdom...
	 Callionymus obscurus, the obscure dragonet, is a species of dragonet native to t...
	 Hypsoblennius digueti is a species of combtooth blenny found in the east-central...
	 Teuthidodrilus samae, dubbed as the squidworm, is a species of acrocirrid marine...
	 Cerithiopsis infrequens is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cer...
	 Cerithiopsis iuxtafuniculata is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the famil...
	 Cerithiopsis krisbergi is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Ceri...
	 Nanopsis parvada is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiops...
	 Krachia cylindrata is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithio...
	 Eumetula strebeli is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Newtoniel...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['firebird', 'german', 'von', 'fussen', 'westerburg', 'leiningen']
	 Keywords (300): ['german', 'germany', 'von', 'westerburg', 'leiningen', 'located']
	 Concept:        Names and terminology
	 Concept (val):  Historical Places 

	 Extreme Articles:
In the fields of Big Bang theory and cosmology, reionization is the process that c...
Eisenmann (also transliterated Eisenman or Eiseman) is a German- or Yiddish-langua...
A fan vault is a form of vault used in the Gothic style, in which the ribs are all...
The pericycle is a cylinder of parenchyma or sclerenchyma cells that lies just ins...
Egmont is a play by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, which he completed in 1788. Its dr...
The Albrechtsburg is a Late Gothic castle erected from 1471 till about 1495. It is...
A pauldron (sometimes spelled pouldron or powldron) is a component of plate armor ...
Hugi is one of the longest lasting,PC Magazin, Germany 1999. frequently released d...
Magister Martinus von Biberach (; died 1498) was a theologian from Heilbronn, Germ...
Weinberg is a German and Jewish-Ashkenazi surname which means vineyard in German. ...
