
NODE / DIMENSION  360 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['cathedral', 'moth', 'balkan', 'peninsula', 'europe', 'family']
	 Keywords (300):  ['cathedral', 'moth', 'italy', 'peninsula', 'family', 'balkan']
	 Concept:         "Specialized Fields"
         Concept (val):   The concept label that represents the shared nature of these articles is
"Specialized Terminology."
	 Extreme Articles:
	 An emulsion is a mixture of two or more liquids that are normally immiscible (un...
	 Hemiparesis, or unilateral paresis, is weakness of one entire side of the body (...
	 The mission of the Department of Essential Drugs and Medicines of the World Heal...
	 A holding company is a company whose primary business is holding a controlling i...
	 A country's industrial policy (IP) or industrial strategy is its official strate...
	 Print circulation is the average number of copies of a publication. The number o...
	 A trade bloc  is a type of intergovernmental agreement, often part of a regional...
	 Herem (, also Romanized cherem, herem) is the highest ecclesiastical censure in ...
	 Tagansky District () is a district of Central Administrative Okrug of the federa...
	 Molecular-beam epitaxy (MBE) is an epitaxy method for thin-film deposition of si...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['sifre', 'information', 'thyagaraja', 'cibyra', 'refers', 'qafiz']
	 Keywords (300): ['knowledge', 'different', 'refers', 'sifre', 'based', 'butyriboletus']
	 Concept:        Words and meanings
	 Concept (val):  Knowledge and Perception Interaction. 

	 Extreme Articles:
A mondegreen () is a mishearing or misinterpretation of a phrase in a way that giv...
The philosophy of perception is concerned with the nature of perceptual experience...
A retronym is a newer name for an existing thing that helps differentiate the orig...
Two different ocean liners of the Cunard Steamship Lines have been named RMS Lacon...
In Norse cosmology, Vanaheimr (Old Norse for 'home of the Vanir'Byock (2005:158).)...
Deliberation is a process of thoughtfully weighing options, for example prior to v...
Antiochus VII Euergetes (; c. 164/160 BCA birth year of Antiochus can be deduced f...
Retrocognition (also known as postcognition or hindsight ), from the Latin retro m...
FIELDATA (also written as Fieldata) was a pioneering computer project run by the U...
In artificial intelligence, knowledge-based agents draw on a pool of logical sente...
