
NODE / DIMENSION  460 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['takam', 'suborder', 'middle', 'family', 'superfamily', 'control']
	 Keywords (300):  ['term', 'family', 'control', 'middle', 'subfamily', 'used']
	 Concept:         Knowledge acquisition.
	 Concept (val):   Concept label: "Diverse Knowledge" 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Alkanna tinctoria, the dyer's alkanet or simply alkanet, is a herbaceous floweri...
	 Okolona is a former census-designated place (CDP) in southern Louisville/Jeffers...
	 An electric unicycle (often initialized as EUC or acronymized yuke or Uni) is a ...
	 Fedayeen ( fida'iyin  "self-sacrificers") is an Arabic term used to refer to var...
	 Credo Reference or Credo (formerly Xrefer) is an American company that offers on...
	 A store of value is any commodity or asset that would normally retain purchasing...
	 Reset also known as fixing is a generic concept in the EV financial markets, mea...
	 Rational ignorance is refraining from acquiring knowledge when the supposed cost...
	 The Joint Intelligence Committee is a nodal government agency in several countri...
	 Rescue comprises responsive operations that usually involve the saving of life, ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['baronetage', 'baronetcies', 'persons', 'surname', 'extant', 'creations']
	 Keywords (300): ['baronetage', 'baronetcies', 'persons', 'creations', 'kingdom', 'extant']
	 Concept:        Time
	 Concept (val):  Historical Figures and Places. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Monday is the day of the week that takes place between Sunday and Tuesday. Accordi...
Friday is the day of the week between Thursday and Saturday. In countries that ado...
Zenobi was a video game company that was known for its interactive fiction. The co...
The Short Parliament was a Parliament of England that was summoned by King Charles...
Richard de Bury (24 January 1287 but Ernest C. Thomas, writing in the introduction...
A regional park is an area of land preserved on account of its natural beauty, his...
A trackback allows one website to notify another about an update. It is one of fou...
The Fortean Society was a New York City-based society started in the United States...
The Marsham Towers were three towers at the corner of Marsham Street and Great Pet...
Skandiabanken (founded on October 3, 1994) is a Swedish online bank owned by Skand...
