
NODE / DIMENSION  146 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['wahlkreis', 'elects', 'electoral', 'voting', 'landtag', 'thuringia']
	 Keywords (300):  ['constituency', 'wahlkreis', 'bundestag', 'elects', 'electoral', 'voting']
	 Concept:         Political Elections.
	 Concept (val):   Political representation. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The Manx People's Political Association (MPPA) was a political party active in t...
	 Vyalova Cave (peshchera Vialova) is a cave in a lower plateau of the Chatyrdag m...
	 Onegesius () was a powerful Hunnic logades (minister) who supposedly held power ...
	 Administrative resource is the ability of political candidates (and parties) to ...
	 This page covers the results of leadership elections in the British Columbia New...
	 Sikkim Independent Front is a political party in Sikkim, founded by Ruth Karthak...
	 Chad holds elections on national level for a head of state - the president -  an...
	 Ecuador elects on the national level a president and a legislature. The Presiden...
	 Elections in the Turks and Caicos Islands are carried out at a national level, w...
	 The National Alliance was a political party in the island of Saint Lucia led by ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['code', 'datalog', 'monoplane', 'string', 'aircraft', 'chiloe']
	 Keywords (300): ['code', 'aircraft', 'fungoides', 'monoplane', 'america', 'species']
	 Concept:        Classifications in various fields.
	 Concept (val):  Information technology. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Among programmers, yet another (often abbreviated ya, Ya, or YA in the initial par...
A monoplane is a fixed-wing aircraft configuration with a single mainplane, in con...
In mathematics, a degenerate case is a limiting case of a class of objects which a...
An Aggregate pattern can refer to concepts in either statistics or computer progra...
The Lumbricidae are a family of earthworms. About 33 lumbricid species have become...
In information theory, a low-density parity-check (LDPC) code is a linear error co...
IITRAN is a discontinued programming language created in the mid-1960s and designe...
LessTif is a defunct free software reimplementation or clone of the Motif computer...
In software engineering, retargeting is an attribute of software development tools...
In coding theory, the Kraft-McMillan inequality gives a necessary and sufficient c...
