
NODE / DIMENSION  223 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['group', 'h2o', 'so4', 'holon', 'village', 'albertiga']
	 Keywords (300):  ['group', 'village', 'located', 'groups', 'h2o', 'album']
	 Concept:         Group Operations
	 Concept (val):   Miscellaneous topography. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In chemistry, the alkoxy group is an alkyl group which is singularly bonded to o...
	 An additive group is a group of which the group operation is to be thought of as...
	 During World War II, Operation Keystone was a Special Air Service patrol consist...
	 The Meritorious Unit Citation is a collective group decoration awarded to member...
	 In mathematics, a quasisimple group (also known as a covering group) is a group ...
	 The Summit Communications Group is an Atlanta-based communications company which...
	 The Palliser Islands or Pallisers are a subgroup of the Tuamotu group in French ...
	 Kylmalankyla is one of the longest villages in Finland, spanning 25 kilometers. ...
	 The Chantels were a pop music group and were the second African-American girl gr...
	 Deltatorquevirus is a genus of viruses in the family Anelloviridae, in group II ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['clothing', 'worn', 'garment', 'sleeves', 'appearance', 'estimators']
	 Keywords (300): ['clothing', 'worn', 'garment', 'dress', 'effect', 'economic']
	 Concept:        Garments and clothing.
	 Concept (val):  Clothing 

	 Extreme Articles:
An apron is a garment that is worn over other clothing to cover the front of the b...
The Deborah number (De) is a dimensionless number, often used in rheology to chara...
is a fashion trend among young Japanese women that started in the mid-1990s, disti...
The twelve leverage points to intervene in a system were proposed by Donella Meado...
Ready-to-wear (RTW)also called pret-a-porter, or off-the-rack or off-the-peg in ca...
Ghatotkacha (, , literally: "Bald Pot") is a prominent character in the story of M...
Trickle-down economics is a term used in critical references to economic policies ...
A nightshirt is a garment intended for wear while sleeping, often with a nightcap....
Costume design is the creation of clothing for the overall appearance of a charact...
Arrestment, in Scots law, is the process by which a creditor detains the goods or ...
