
NODE / DIMENSION  141 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['precobs', 'handwan', 'rebaptism', 'castigation', 'distancing', 'weapon']
	 Keywords (300):  ['war', 'ndrina', 'massacre', 'force', 'nezim', 'criminal']
	 Concept:         Violence and crime.
	 Concept (val):   War. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Gamesmanship is the use of dubious (although not technically illegal) methods to...
	 A ranseur, also called roncone, was a pole weapon similar to the partisan used i...
	 Encirclement is a military term for the situation when a force or target is isol...
	 Autoenucleation, also known as oedipism, is the self-inflicted enucleation (remo...
	 Anika the Warrior (; from  he was a violent and sacrilegious man who set out to ...
	 Dritan Dajti is considered as one of the most dangerous criminals in Albania. He...
	 Aligern or Aligernus was an Ostrogoth military leader, active in the Gothic War ...
	 Calephelis nemesis (fatal metalmark or dusky metalmark) is a butterfly in the fa...
	 Lance Corporal R. Dewage Somaratne Rajapaksa is a Sri Lankan soldier who was sen...
	 Soumya murder case is a criminal case regarding the rape and murder of Soumya, a...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['cm', 'burkineji', 'pieridon', 'dicomes', 'silurian', 'mouson']
	 Keywords (300): ['century', 'cm', 'family', 'fungus', 'skradin', 'exchequer']
	 Concept:        Miscellaneous
	 Concept (val):  Miscellaneous topics 

	 Extreme Articles:
The retroperitoneal space (retroperitoneum) is the anatomical space (sometimes a p...
The Corinium Museum, in the Cotswold town of Cirencester in England, has a large c...
The word Ivoirite (; sometimes translated into English as Ivoirity) was first used...
In European Union law, a decision is a legal instrument which is binding upon thos...
The Remembrancer was originally a subordinate officer of the English Exchequer. Th...
Indocentrism is any ethnocentric perspective that regards India to be central or u...
Termitaradus  is a small tropicopolitan genus of true bugs placed in the family Te...
Qayyoma was bishop of Seleucia-Ctesiphon and primate of the Church of the East dur...
The Bradshaw Lectures are prestigious lectureships given at the invitation of the ...
Emet V'Emunah (True and faithful) is the paragraph that is recited immediately fol...
