
NODE / DIMENSION  250 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['chromel', 'chemical', 'takeuti', 'tannin', 'compounds', 'ancient']
	 Keywords (300):  ['compounds', 'chemical', 'ancient', 'compound', 'metal', 'anion']
	 Concept:         Chemical elements and related concepts.
	 Concept (val):   Different scientific fields and concepts. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Dysprosium is the chemical element with the symbol Dy and atomic number 66. It i...
	 Europium is a chemical element with the symbol Eu and atomic number 63. Europium...
	 Lanthanum is a chemical element with the symbol La and atomic number 57. It is a...
	 Potassium is the chemical element with the symbol K (from Neo-Latin [and atomic ...
	 Perlite is an amorphous volcanic glass that has a relatively high water content,...
	 Zeolites are microporous, crystalline aluminosilicate materials commonly used as...
	 In computing, What You See Is What You Mean (WYSIWYM, ) is a paradigm for editin...
	 In chemistry, isomerization or isomerisation is the process in which a molecule,...
	 Fravitta (, Fravitas;  490),Fravitas Ecumenical Patriarchate also known as Fravi...
	 Noether is the family name of several mathematicians (particularly, the Noether ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['condition', 'body', 'medical', 'transdermal', 'disease', 'patient']
	 Keywords (300): ['medical', 'reviewed', 'peer', 'clinical', 'covering', 'journal']
	 Concept:        Information and knowledge.
	 Concept (val):  Health and Medicine. 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Capability Maturity Model (CMM) is a development model created in 1986 after a...
In telecommunication, call tracing is a procedure that permits an entitled user to...
In lithic reduction, termination type is a characteristic indicating the manner in...
Fartlek is a middle- and long-distance runner's training approach developed in the...
Persistent adrenarche syndrome  is a cutaneous condition seen typically in thin yo...
Gurah is a Javanese health treatment originating from Bantul, near Yogyakarta. A h...
Phonemic neurological hypochromium therapy (PNHT) is a technique that uses insemin...
Medical regulation ensures that medicine is only practised by qualified and suitab...
Cardiology in Review is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering cardiol...
Reparagen is a joint health product that scientists at Albany Medical College ran ...
