
NODE / DIMENSION  220 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['body', 'like', 'peurise', 'muscle', 'digitorum', 'shoulder']
	 Keywords (300):  ['hand', 'sign', 'body', 'upper', 'digiti', 'lower']
	 Concept:         Geometric and Physical Phenomena.
	 Concept (val):   Anatomy. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In geometry, flexagons are flat models, usually constructed by folding strips of...
	 Dentition pertains to the development of teeth and their arrangement in the mout...
	 The forkball is a type of pitch in baseball.  Related to the split-finger fastba...
	 The mammillary bodies are a pair of small round bodies, located on the undersurf...
	 Remote surgery (also known as telesurgery) is the ability for a doctor to perfor...
	 A shimmy is a dance move in which the body is held still, except for the shoulde...
	 Genuflection or genuflexion is the act of bending a knee to the ground, as disti...
	 Linguolabials or apicolabialsThe term apicolabial is older, but Ladefoged and Ma...
	 A collimator is a device which narrows a beam of particles or waves. To narrow c...
	 In applied mechanics, bending (also known as flexure) characterizes the behavior...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100): ['streptomyces', 'zellkulturen', 'mikroorganismen', 'sammlung', 'bacterium', 'und']
     Keywords (300): ['streptomyces', 'zellkulturen', 'mikroorganismen', 'sammlung', 'und', 'bacterium']
	 Concept:        Culture and History.
	 Concept (val):  Microorganisms and their habitats. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Seleucia on the Tigris (, Seleukeia,  "place of Seleucus") was the first capital o...
In Greek mythology, Pittheus (; ) was the king of Troezen, city in Argolis, which ...
Gergovia was a Gaulish town in modern Auvergne-Rhone-Alpes in the upper part of th...
Tipula nubeculosa is a species of cranefly. It is widespread throughout the Palaea...
The MediaPark is an urban regeneration neighborhood in Cologne, Germany, completed...
Lluis Dalmau was a valencian 15th-century painter who flourished between 1431 and ...
The Metropolitanate of Gothia (also of Gothia and Caffa), also known as the Eparch...
Mordella moscoviensis is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family M...
Nitratireductor lucknowense is a bacterium from the genus of Nitratireductor which...
Prospero Orsi, also referred to as Prosperino delle Grottesche (1560s-1630s) was a...
