
NODE / DIMENSION  359 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['mexico', 'spanish', 'moth', 'family', 'arizona', 'barranca']
	 Keywords (300):  ['mexico', 'moth', 'spanish', 'family', 'la', 'arizona']
	 Concept:         Geography.
         Concept (val):   Titles and descriptions of various moth species from different regions and
some related historical figures.
	 Extreme Articles:
	 Judicial notice is a rule in the law of evidence that allows a fact to be introd...
	 Hualahuises is a small town in the state of Nuevo Leon, in northern Mexico. It s...
	 Acosta is a Spanish and Portuguese surname. Originally it was used to refer to a...
	 In his letter to Manuel I of Portugal, Pero Vaz de Caminha gives what is conside...
	 The Rio Grande is a river in the province of Lugo, in the autonomous community o...
	 Canarias (F86), is the last of the six Spanish-built s of the Spanish Navy, whic...
	 The Frente Civico Pro-Defensa del Casino de la Selva is a social movement made u...
	 Metopoceras felicina is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Portugal,...
	 Beriotisia fueguensis is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Maul...
	 Magnagrotis oorti is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Maule, B...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['language', 'jacut', 'eastern', 'belessa', 'west', 'region']
	 Keywords (300): ['language', 'west', 'located', 'east', 'village', 'street']
	 Concept:        Description of Places
	 Concept (val):  Knowledge. 

	 Extreme Articles:
KRL is a knowledge representation language, developed by Daniel G. Bobrow and Terr...
Television news in the United States has evolved over many years. It has gone from...
Magero is a small peninsula just south of the Norwegian city of Tonsberg. It is a ...
Hill Head is a residential area and village on the coast of the Solent. It is loca...
Youth work is a community support activity aimed at older children and adolescents...
is a Western term for a brightly-coloured style of  Japanese export porcelain  mad...
Handzame is a village in the Belgian province West Flanders. It is part of the Kor...
In United States law, a finance charge is any fee representing the cost of credit,...
Bergermoen is an industrial area on the border between the municipals Ringerike in...
Pyrography or pyrogravure is the free handed art of decorating wood or other mater...
