
NODE / DIMENSION  333 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['species', 'family', 'euxesta', 'described', 'aborolabis', 'genus']
	 Keywords (300):  ['family', 'described', 'species', 'moth', 'genus', 'euxesta']
	 Concept:         Species Classification
         Concept (val):   The concept label that best represents the shared nature of these articles
is "Diverse Topics."
	 Extreme Articles:
	 Sarkidiornis is a genus within the family Anatidae. Sarkidiornis is sometimes co...
	 Xanthocyparis is a genus of cypresses in the family Cupressaceae. , it has only ...
	 Goaltending is a violation of the rules in the sport of basketball. It consists ...
	 Enriquebeltrania is a plant genus in the family Euphorbiaceae, first described i...
	 Micragrotis puncticostata is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae first des...
	 Hypochrosis sternaria is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Ach...
	 Berta chrysolineata is a species of moth of the family Geometridae described by ...
	 Penicillifera apicalis, the Oriental white silk-moth is a moth of the family Bom...
	 The first census of the Madras Presidency was taken in the year 1822.Official Ad...
	 Thestor overbergensis, the Overberg skolly, is a butterfly of the family Lycaeni...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['school', 'high', 'girls', 'secondary', 'ascochyta', 'students']
	 Keywords (300): ['school', 'secondary', 'high', 'castle', 'students', 'girls']
	 Concept:        Education.
	 Concept (val):  Education. 

	 Extreme Articles:
An alternative school is an educational establishment with a curriculum and method...
The term dispenser typically imply a machine or container which is designed to rel...
PS 184M Shuang Wen School (), a public school in New York City also known as PS 18...
The Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports is a ceremonial official in the United Kingdom...
Canico Resource Corp. is a Vancouver, British Columbia-based junior resource compa...
Timberjack is a manufacturer of forestry machinery for both cut-to-length and whol...
Education in Seattle is an important part of many Seattleites' lives, particularly...
An adult high school or adult school is a high school facility designed for adult ...
Aescwine or Escwine or AEscwine is an Anglo-Saxon name, whose modern descendant is...
In civil engineering, a wheel tractor-scraper (also known as a land scraper , land...
