
NODE / DIMENSION  436 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['survey', 'questions', 'question', 'geodetic', 'mirijam', 'yakutugol']
	 Keywords (300):  ['survey', 'born', 'geodetic', '2002', 'states', 'october']
	 Concept:         Concept label: "Different aspects of actions or processes"
	 Concept (val):   Publication and media. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Most forms of football have a move known as a tackle. The primary purposes of ta...
	 Malt is germinated cereal grain that has been made to germinate by soaking in wa...
	 Investment is traditionally defined as the "commitment of resources to achieve l...
	 An ; ; : ultimata or ultimatums) is a demand whose fulfillment is requested in a...
	 Inquiry education (sometimes known as the inquiry method) is a student-centered ...
	 Secure Digital Music Initiative (SDMI) was a forum formed in late 1998,Leonardo ...
	 Sweat equity refers to work one does to build up value without a salary. This ow...
	 A self-destruct is a mechanism that can cause an object to destroy itself or ren...
	 The NitrosomonadalesBoden, R; Hutt, LP, Rae AW (2017) Reclassification of Thioba...
	 Security theater is the practice of taking security measures that are considered...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['committee', 'waza', 'president', 'area', 'coset', 'law']
	 Keywords (300): ['committee', 'government', 'council', 'president', 'ministry', 'people']
	 Concept:        Government Systems
	 Concept (val):  Elections. 

	 Extreme Articles:
The politics of Ivory Coast takes place in a framework of a presidential represent...
Politics of Djibouti takes place in a framework of a presidential representative d...
Ethnology (from the ,  meaning 'nation') is an academic field & discipline that co...
New Caledonia is a French sui generis collectivity with a system of government bas...
Working memory is a cognitive system with a limited capacity that can hold informa...
Murphy's law is an adage or epigram that is typically stated as: "Anything that ca...
Politics of The Gambia takes place within the framework of a presidential republic...
Rapport () is a close and harmonious relationship in which the people or groups co...
A congressional subcommittee in the United States Congress is a subdivision of a U...
A lie-to-children is a simplified, but false, explanation of technical or complex ...
