
NODE / DIMENSION  216 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['america', 'species', 'family', 'north', 'central', 'damselfly']
	 Keywords (300):  ['america', 'species', 'family', 'moth', 'north', 'central']
	 Concept:         Nature.
	 Concept (val):   Nature 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 , also known as the  is a Japanese collection of over one thousand tales written...
	 The term Spaceguard loosely refers to a number of efforts to discover, catalogue...
	 The large emerald (Geometra papilionaria) is a moth which is the type species fo...
	 Bromelia hieronymi is a species of plant in the family Bromeliaceae native to So...
	 Celtic studies or Celtology is the academic discipline occupied with the study o...
	 Lascoria maronialis is a species of litter moth of the family Erebidae first des...
	 Lascoria naupalis is a species of litter moth of the family Erebidae first descr...
	 Lascoria arenosa is a species of litter moth of the family Erebidae first descri...
	 The sweetflag spreadwing (Lestes forcipatus) is a species of damselfly in the fa...
	 Proutiella repetita is a species of rare moth of the family Notodontidae. It see...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['politician', 'member', 'president', 'tokelau', 'elected', 'party']
	 Keywords (300): ['politician', 'president', 'member', 'assembly', 'elected', 'constituency']
	 Concept:        Elections and governance.
	 Concept (val):  Politicians 

	 Extreme Articles:
A fixed-term election is an election that occurs on a set date, and cannot be chan...
Bulgaria elects on the national level a head of state--the president--and a legisl...
Maldives elects on national level a head of state, the president,  and a legislatu...
Mongolia elects its head of state--the President of Mongolia--at the national leve...
Guinea elects on the national level a head of state--the president--and a legislat...
Moustapha Niasse (born November 4, 1939Profile at Alliance des Forces de Progres w...
Roger Albinyana i Saigi is a Catalan politician. He was President of the European ...
Karanja Assembly constituency is one of the 288 constituencies of Maharashtra Vidh...
Bonturo Dati (died 1324) was an early 14th-century leader of the liberals in Lucca...
An address to the nation is a type of speech made from a head of state or head of ...
