
NODE / DIMENSION  472 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['marw', 'kampung', 'confessin', 'village', 'jadual', 'kitar']
	 Keywords (300):  ['marw', 'city', 'kampung', 'town', 'district', 'medieval']
	 Concept:         Miscellaneous.
	 Concept (val):   Knowledge or Information-sharing 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Coxsackie A virus (CAV) is a cytolytic Coxsackievirus of the Picornaviridae fami...
	 A seaplane is a powered fixed-wing aircraft capable of taking off and landing (a...
	 King Leir is an anonymous Elizabethan play about the life of the ancient Brython...
	 A season is a division of the year marked by changes in weather, ecology, and th...
	 Kennet was a non-metropolitan local government district in Wiltshire, England, a...
	 In legislative procedure, a rider is an additional provision added to a bill or ...
	 Crookes & Crosspool ward--which includes the districts of Crookes, Steelbank, Cr...
	 A remedial action is a change made to a nonconforming product or service to addr...
	 Implosive consonants are a group of stop consonants (and possibly also some affr...
	 Witanhurst is a large Grade II* listed 1930s Georgian Revival mansion on  in Hig...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['winstar', 'tellurium', 'problem', 'anyon', 'mereological', 'relationship']
	 Keywords (300): ['theory', 'university', 'element', 'computer', 'atom', 'problem']
	 Concept:        Knowledge in Various Disciplines.
	 Concept (val):  Academic Disciplines. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Berkelium is a transuranic radioactive chemical element with the symbol Bk and ato...
Transport in Jersey is primarily through the motor vehicle. The island, which is t...
In electrical engineering, a circulator is a passive, non-reciprocal three- or fou...
In mathematics, particularly in order theory, an upper bound or majorant of a subs...
In computer security, challenge-response authentication is a family of protocols i...
The many-body problem is a general name for a vast category of physical problems p...
In physical cosmology, baryogenesis (also known as baryosynthesis) is the physical...
R-parity is a concept in particle physics. In the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard ...
In differential geometry, an affine connection So that there is no agreement on th...
Chongqing Jiaotong University was founded in 1951 as a university with engineering...
