
NODE / DIMENSION  24 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['cytometry', 'epublisher', 'astaphaios', 'eloai', 'orogeny', 'yaldabaoth']
	 Keywords (300):  ['international', 'world', 'god', 'earth', 'arithmetikos', 'epublisher']
	 Concept:         Knowledge.
	 Concept (val):   Knowledge 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Essentialism is the view that objects have a set of attributes that are necessar...
	 An overwhelming majority of fiction is set on or features the Earth, as the only...
	 Cornucopianism is the idea that continued progress and provision of material ite...
	 The term cosmography has two distinct meanings: traditionally it has been the pr...
	 The International Society for Rock Mechanics - ISRM was founded in Salzburg in 1...
	 Rocabarra or Rocabarraigh is a phantom island or rock in Scottish Gaelic myth, w...
	 Metamaterials was a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in Mar...
	 Dr. Moritaka Hayashi is an international lawyer, scholar and author, who is wide...
	 According to Dagobert D. Runes, Dictionary of Philosophy, 1942, theistic persona...
	 The Torkel Opsahl Academic EPublisher (TOAEP) is an academic publisher specializ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['family', 'plant', 'eastern', 'seonbu', 'persoonia', 'small']
	 Keywords (300): ['family', 'plant', 'leaves', 'parts', 'eastern', 'small']
	 Concept:        Location
	 Concept (val):  Botany. 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Vecht is a Rhine branch in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is sometimes call...
Lustnau is a subdivision in the northeastern part of Tubingen, Baden-Wurttemberg, ...
Jamdani () is a fine muslin textile (figured with different patterns) produced for...
Hohenlohe-Kirchberg was a German County located in northeastern Baden-Wurttemberg,...
Hohenlohe-Langenburg () was a German county and later principality in the Holy Rom...
Trichoplusia circumscripta is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the e...
Issa Lamine is a Nigerien politician. He led the Toubou-based Front Democratique R...
The Javaen barb (Systomus rubripinnis), is a species of cyprinid fish native to So...
Plagiobothrys chorisianus is a species of flowering plant in the borage family kno...
Shripad Balwant Tambe was a pledger from Amravati in Berar division of Central Pro...
