
NODE / DIMENSION  165 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['andrena', 'popular', 'ferrol', 'america', 'culture', 'ericaamerica']
	 Keywords (300):  ['century', 'popular', 'language', 'located', 'family', 'developed']
	 Concept:         Miscellaneous.
	 Concept (val):   Nature and characteristics of various species. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The Nineteenth Century was a British monthly literary magazine founded in 1877 b...
	 Upper Bacombe and Lower Bacombe are two hamlets in the parish of Wendover, in Bu...
	 Teagasc (, meaning "Instruction") is the semi-state authority in the Republic of...
	 The Watusi  is a solo dance that enjoyed brief popularity during the early 1960s...
	 Populuxe was a consumer culture and aesthetic in the United States popular in th...
	 Spoudaiogeloion () denotes the mixture of serious and comical elements stylistic...
	 JBIG is an early lossless image compression standard from the Joint Bi-level Ima...
	 The mediumwave transmitter Flevoland (Middengolf Zendstation Flevoland) was a br...
	 Ijolite is an igneous rock consisting essentially of nepheline and augite. Ijoli...
	 Byng Inlet is a ghost town and community in Unorganized Centre Parry Sound Distr...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['torfuson', 'steuart', 'skald', 'bersi', 'abisares', 'mpariwa']
	 Keywords (300): ['john', 'death', 'member', 'parliament', 'born', 'served']
	 Concept:        Information.
	 Concept (val):  Diverse historical figures. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Multiple hypotheses explain the possible connections between sleep and learning in...
A brain teaser is a form of puzzle that requires thought to solve. It often requir...
The Beneden Merwede () is a stretch of river in the Netherlands, mainly fed by the...
Extrusomes are membrane-bound structures in some eukaryotes which, under certain c...
Bernard Annen Auwen Dowiyogo (14 February 1946 - 9 March 2003) was a Nauruan polit...
Neuroeconomics is an interdisciplinary field that seeks to explain human decision-...
Laonikos Chalkokondyles, Latinized as Laonicus Chalcocondyles (, from laos "people...
Eating your own dog food or "dogfooding" is the practice of using one's own produc...
A forwarding equivalence class (FEC) is a term used in Multiprotocol Label Switchi...
Degenerative disease is the result of a continuous process based on degenerative c...
