
NODE / DIMENSION  13 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['research', 'trauzl', 'gas', 'project', 'nagl', 'production']
	 Keywords (300):  ['research', 'lithuanian', 'lithuania', 'establishment', 'signed', '1990']
	 Concept:         Uncertainty
         Concept (val):   Lithuanian politicians and the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of
Lithuania.
	 Extreme Articles:
	 The Knowbot Information Service (KIS), also known as netaddress, is an Internet ...
	 Pathological science is an area of research where "people are tricked into false...
	 Aurora is a rumored mid-1980s American reconnaissance aircraft. There is no subs...
	 Disfranchisement, also called disenfranchisement,The form disenfranchisement has...
	 Pyrokinesis is the purported psychic ability allowing a person to create and con...
	 The Trouton-Noble experiment was an attempt to detect motion of the Earth throug...
	 A canary trap is a method for exposing an information leak by giving different v...
	 Psychobiography aims to understand historically significant individuals, such as...
	 The British Museum algorithm is a general approach to finding a solution by chec...
	 Orthostatic intolerance (OI) is the development of symptoms when standing uprigh...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['angiomotin', 'vennesla', 'saeki', 'samyutta', 'anticline', 'slependen']
	 Keywords (300): ['temple', 'west', 'km', 'angiomotin', 'ogoh', 'vennesla']
	 Concept:        Miscellaneous Subjects
	 Concept (val):  Location-based landmarks. 

	 Extreme Articles:
The daityas () are a race of asuras in Hindu mythology, descending from Kashyapa a...
Paramyxoviridae (from Greek para- "by the side of" and myxa "mucus") is a family o...
On Memory (Greek: Peri mnemes kai anamneseos; Latin: De memoria et reminiscentia) ...
Angiomotin (AMOT) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the AMOT gene. It belo...
Pathi ( - "The place where God is") is the name of the primary centres of congrega...
CaribPress is a monthly newspaper published in California, covering primarily Sout...
Maiser Khana is a temple built to honour the Goddesses Durga and Jwala Ji. It is b...
The Tabular Hills form an east-west line along the southern bounds of the North Yo...
An exchange-traded product (ETP) is a regularly priced security which trades durin...
The Blue Icefalls () are steep icefalls of blue ice on the west margin of Forbidde...
