
NODE / DIMENSION  209 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['mobile', 'telephone', 'company', 'telecommunication', 'cabir', 'services']
	 Keywords (300):  ['telephone', 'company', 'mobile', 'telecommunications', 'technology', 'service']
	 Concept:         Telecommunications.
	 Concept (val):   Technology 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Mass media in Laos are based on a network of telephone lines and radiotelephone ...
	 Telecommunications in Saudi Arabia have evolved early in the Kingdom since the e...
	 In telecommunications and signal processing, baseband is the range of frequencie...
	 In telecommunication, communications-electronics (C-E) is the specialized field ...
	 In telecommunication, electromagnetic survivability is the ability of a system, ...
	 A hotline is a point-to-point communications link in which a call is automatical...
	 In telephony, on-hook and off-hook are two states of a communication circuit. On...
	 In telecommunication, a public land mobile network (PLMN) is a combination of wi...
	 Wide Area Telephone Service (WATS) was a flat-rate long-distance service for cus...
	 The teletype, or teleprinter, is a device used for communicating text over teleg...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['code', 'function', 'variable', 'programming', 'value', 'mathematics']
	 Keywords (300): ['code', 'function', 'programming', 'computer', 'variable', 'mathematics']
	 Concept:        Computer Science Terminology
	 Concept (val):  Mathematical Concepts 

	 Extreme Articles:
A metasyntactic variable is a specific word or set of words identified as a placeh...
In computer programming, a string is traditionally a sequence of characters, eithe...
In computer programming, a precondition is a condition or predicate that must alwa...
In computer programming, a postcondition is a condition or predicate that must alw...
In telecommunication, a Hagelbarger code is a convolutional code that enables erro...
A free good is a good that is not scarce, and therefore is available without limit...
In computer science, threaded code is a programming technique where the code has a...
In mathematics, the domain of a function is the set of inputs accepted by the func...
In computer programming, lazy initialization is the tactic of delaying the creatio...
In computer science, an object can be a variable, a data structure, a function, or...
