
NODE / DIMENSION  212 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['lasioglossum', 'family', 'species', 'manataria', 'butterflies', 'nymphalidae']
     Keywords (300):  ['mordella', 'tenebrionoidea', 'mordellidae', 'superfamily', 'discovered', 'beetle']
	 Concept:         Insects.
	 Concept (val):   Beetle species taxonomy. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Anthocharis cardamines phoenissa is a subspecies of orange tip butterfly found m...
	 Thaumatoneuridae is a family of damselflies in the order Odonata. There are at l...
	 Parides photinus, the pink-spotted cattleheart, is a species of butterfly in the...
	 Maiestas cuculata is a species of bugs from the Cicadellidae family that is ende...
	 Acraea vuilloti is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is found in Tanzani...
	 Mordella crassipes is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mo...
	 Mordella pustulosa is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mo...
	 Mordella sellata is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mord...
	 Mordella subdola is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mord...
	 Mordella albonotata is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family M...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100): ['verwaltungsgemeinschaft', 'germany', 'collective', 'municipality', 'district', 'standesamt']
	 Keywords (300): ['amt', 'germany', 'collective', 'municipality', 'district', 'schleswig']
	 Concept:        Locations.
	 Concept (val):  Place names. 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Kurfurstendamm (; colloquially , ; ) is one of the most famous avenues in Berl...
Non-judicial punishment (NJP) is a disciplinary measure that may be applied to ind...
Heinrich Kramer ( 1430 - 1505, aged 74-75), also known under the Latinized name He...
The term Spaceguard loosely refers to a number of efforts to discover, catalogue, ...
The honorific prefix "The Most Honourable" is a form of address that is used in se...
Standesamt Usch was a civil registration district (Standesamt) located in Kreis Ko...
The Verdet constant is an optical property named after the French physicist Emile ...
Standesamt Margonin was a civil registration district (Standesamt) located in Krei...
A comparison of the healthcare systems in Canada and the United States is often ma...
Newtown is a part of the Municipality of New-Wes-Valley, located at the North end ...
