
NODE / DIMENSION  491 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['price', 'costs', 'cost', 'money', 'svalbard', 'length']
	 Keywords (300):  ['price', 'cost', 'costs', 'money', 'value', 'spitsbergen']
	 Concept:         Monetary transactions.
	 Concept (val):   Economics 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 At common law, damages are a remedy in the form of a monetary award to be paid t...
	 Weregild (also spelled wergild, wergeld (in archaic/historical usage of English)...
	 Taxes and subsidies change the price of goods and, as a result, the quantity con...
	 Seigniorage , also spelled seignorage or seigneurage (from the Old French seigne...
	 A femtosecond is a unit of time in the International System of Units (SI) equal ...
	 A price is the (usually not negative) quantity of payment or compensation expect...
	 In economics, the GDP deflator (implicit price deflator) is a measure of the mon...
	 In economics, the cost-of-production theory of value is the theory that the pric...
	 The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) is a statistic used in cost-effe...
	 An expense is an item requiring an outflow of money, or any form of fortune in g...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['leucadendron', 'marseille', 'fynbos', 'filago', 'canton', 'sorocephalus']
	 Keywords (300): ['marseille', 'canton', '2003', 'bouches', '156', 'date']
	 Concept:        Information and Communication Technologies (ICT)
	 Concept (val):  Concept label: Diverse topics. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Telecommunications networks in Uzbekistan are largely based on Soviet-built infras...
In telecommunication, a n-entity is an active element in the n-th layer of the Ope...
Theales is a botanical name at the rank of order.  Early classifications such as t...
Italians are well known for their special attention to the preparation, the select...
An act to promote the progress of the useful arts, and to repeal all acts and part...
Although it is the abbreviation "VFS" that is registered in the commercial registe...
The abstract machine TDF (originally the Ten15 Distribution Format, but more recen...
Since the start of the twentieth century, the role of cars has become highly impor...
Phallaceae is a family of fungi, commonly known as stinkhorns, within the order Ph...
Gleicheniales is an order of ferns in the subclass Polypodiidae (the leptosporangi...
