
NODE / DIMENSION  240 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['fricken', 'method', 'cost', 'technique', 'comparison', 'vakya']
	 Keywords (300):  ['technique', 'used', 'method', 'increase', 'ha', 'process']
	 Concept:         Knowledge and Techniques.
	 Concept (val):   Information technology 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Leet (or "1337"), also known as eleet or leetspeak, is a system of modified spel...
	 Mass deacidification is a term used in library and information science as one po...
	 The Countryside Agency was a statutory body set up in England in 1999 with the t...
	 Forced perspective is a technique that employs optical illusion to make an objec...
	 To help compare different orders of magnitude, the following lists describe vari...
	 Decimalisation or decimalization (see spelling differences) is the conversion of...
	 The Feldenkrais Method is a type of exercise therapy devised by Israeli Moshe Fe...
	 Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a form of phototherapy  involving light and a phot...
	 Pandiatonicism is a musical technique of using the diatonic (as opposed to the c...
	 Air cooling is a method of dissipating heat. It works by expanding the surface a...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['dexileos', 'order', 'law', '394', 'products', 'sitriuc']
	 Keywords (300): ['law', 'dexileos', 'code', 'products', 'inscription', '394']
	 Concept:        Concept Label: Communication and Authority
	 Concept (val):  Information. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In communication, a code word is an element of a standardized code or protocol. Ea...
An official language is a language having certain rights to be used in defined sit...
An ; ; : ultimata or ultimatums) is a demand whose fulfillment is requested in a s...
Construction delays are situations where project events occur at a later time than...
A misnomer is a name that is incorrectly or unsuitably applied. Misnomers often ar...
The Battle of Gqokli Hill has been claimed by some to have occurred on or around A...
Dexileos was killed in action near Corinth in the summer of 394 BC, probably in th...
This is a list of languages spoken in regions ruled by Balkan countries. With the ...
In law, vesting is the point in time when the rights and interests arising from le...
A product recall is a request from a manufacturer to return a product after the di...
