
NODE / DIMENSION  386 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['list', 'division', 'results', 'creation', 'present', 'various']
	 Keywords (300):  ['list', 'number', 'division', 'population', 'used', 'present']
	 Concept:         Population and Demographics.
	 Concept (val):   Naming and Classification. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 This is a demography of the population of the Cayman Islands including populatio...
	 This is a demography of the population of Dominica including population density,...
	 Interlingue (; ISO 639 ie, ile), originally Occidental (), is an international a...
	 This is a demography of the population of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines inclu...
	 In telecommunication, electronics and the electrical power industry, the term de...
	 In a system the mean time between outages (MTBO) is the mean time between equipm...
	 The automotive industry comprises a wide range of companies and organizations in...
	 Fitness (often denoted w or o in population genetics models) is the quantitative...
	 The , also known as , is the first of the two elements that identify years in th...
	 Within sports and games played at the international competitive level, the Rest ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['person', 'reaction', 'etaples', 'precieuses', 'watching', 'deprecation']
	 Keywords (300): ['reaction', 'people', 'city', 'person', 'school', 'social']
	 Concept:        Socialization.
	 Concept (val):  Communication 

	 Extreme Articles:
Aggression is hostile and antagonistic behavior, often with the intent to cause ha...
Sun City is a former census-designated place (CDP) in Riverside County, California...
A street is a public thoroughfare in a built environment. It is a public parcel of...
Conversation is interactive communication between two or more people. The developm...
Wit is a form of intelligent humour--the ability to say or write things that are c...
Moorfields was an open space, partly in the City of London, lying adjacent to - an...
Pinscreen animation makes use of a screen filled with movable pins, which can be m...
In micro-sociology, interactionism is a theoretical perspective that sees social b...
The Algonquin Round Table was a group of New York City writers, critics, actors, a...
A paternoster (, , or ) or paternoster lift is a passenger elevator which consists...
