
NODE / DIMENSION  21 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['coenonympha', 'moleosophy', 'palamedium', 'assus', 'polymedium', 'polymedion']
	 Keywords (300):  ['wolcott', 'neo', 'usrc', 'prymnesos', 'polymedia', 'geoposition']
	 Concept:         Place names in different historical contexts.
	 Concept (val):   News headlines from various publications

Concept Label: Diverse news coverage. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 USRC Wolcott and USRC Oliver Wolcott may refer to more than one ship of the Unit...
	 Polymedium or Polymedion (), also known as Palamedium or Polymedia, was a small ...
	 Prymnessus or Prymnessos (), or Prymnesus or Prymnesos (Prumnesos), was a town o...
	 Geopositioning, also known as geotracking, geolocalization, geolocating, geoloca...
	 Neo-minimalism is an amorphous art movement of the late 20th and early 21st cent...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['order', 'daspilotus', 'krysuvikureldar', 'pisodonophis', 'krysuvik', 'edfu']
	 Keywords (300): ['family', 'order', 'solskjel', 'micral', 'subfamily', 'exmoor']
	 Concept:        Nature
	 Concept (val):  Species and Taxonomy. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Agapanthoideae is a monotypic subfamily of monocot flowering plants in the family ...
The Blephariceromorpha are an infraorder of nematoceran flies, including three fam...
Burkhard was the first margrave in the Bavarian marchia orientalis, the territory ...
Lethiscus is the earliest known representative of the Aistopoda, a group of very s...
A subapical consonant is a consonant made by contact with the underside of the tip...
The First Battle of Solskjel  (Slaget ved Solskjel) was the first engagement in Ha...
Sauniere was a self-unloading bulk carrier operated by Algoma Central. Laid down a...
The Leucosporidiales are an order of fungi in the class Microbotryomycetes. The or...
Lipolagus ochotensis, the eared blacksmelt, is a species of deep-sea smelt found i...
The red deer of Exmoor have been hunted since Norman times, when Exmoor was declar...
