
NODE / DIMENSION  299 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['french', 'paris', 'tempelhof', 'berlin', 'verdet', 'theatre']
	 Keywords (300):  ['french', 'paris', 'physicist', 'united', 'states', 'rue']
	 Concept:         Information Systems.
	 Concept (val):   Miscellaneous. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In the law of the United States, the Code of Laws of the United States of Americ...
	 A galvanometer is an electromechanical measuring instrument for electric current...
	 In start-stop teletypewriter operation, end distortion refers to the shifting of...
	 In telecommunication, an End-of-Transmission character (EOT) is a transmission c...
	 In telephony, ringdown is a method of signaling an operator in which telephone r...
	 In music, a coda (; ; plural ) is a passage that brings a piece (or a movement) ...
	 "Form of the Good", or more literally "the idea of the good" (}}}}), is a concep...
	 Ludgate Hill is a street and surrounding area, on a small hill in the City of Lo...
	 In music, function (also referred to as harmonic function) is a term used to den...
	 FairTax is a single rate tax proposal which has been proposed as a bill in the U...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['family', 'species', 'genus', 'aessosporon', 'hylocryptus', 'mitomycin']
	 Keywords (300): ['family', 'species', 'genus', 'lasioglossum', 'katydid', 'savela']
	 Concept:        Nature
	 Concept (val):  Species diversity. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Hyaenanche globosa is a species of plant under the family Picrodendraceae. It is t...
Hipparchia neomiris, the Corsican grayling, is a butterfly in the family Nymphalid...
Pseudonympha is a genus of butterflies from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family ...
Chrysoperla is a genus of common green lacewings in the neuropteran family Chrysop...
Parides anchises, the Anchises cattleheart, is a species of butterfly in the famil...
Divaricella dentata, or the dentate lucine, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the...
Pododesmus patelliformis, the ribbed saddle-oyster, is a species of bivalve mollus...
Depressaria deverrella is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in Alge...
Hygrocybe chlorophana is a species of agaric (gilled mushroom) in the family Hygro...
Xestocasis is a moth genus of the superfamily Gelechioidea. It was described in th...
