
NODE / DIMENSION  445 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['canton', 'communaute', 'communes', 'france', 'region', 'district']
	 Keywords (300):  ['canton', 'turkey', 'district', 'mahalle', 'inventory', 'department']
	 Concept:         Festivals.
	 Concept (val):   Titles and descriptions of various geographical and historical entities. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The Anthesteria (;  ) was one of the four Athenian festivals in honor of Dionysu...
	 The Striezelmarkt in Dresden is one of the first genuine Christmas markets in th...
	 The Esala Mangallaya is a Sinhalese festival celebrated in the month of Esala, a...
	 Scooba was a floor-scrubbing robot made by iRobot.  It was released in limited n...
	 The Shepheardes Calender (originally titled The Shepheardes Calendar, Conteyning...
	 Carmen Vintila, Ionel Dancu, "Vasile Blaga a demisionat din fruntea partidului" ...
	 Selamsiz is a quarter in Uskudar district on the Asian side of Istanbul, Turkey....
	 The Patrol of al-Abwa or Waddan occurred on the 12th of Rajab in the second Hijr...
	 Chikhali Assembly constituency is one of the 288 constituencies of Maharashtra V...
	 In the history of Spain, the decada moderada (, "moderate decade") was the perio...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['island', 'epermeniidae', 'tribe', 'narasaki', 'coast', 'small']
	 Keywords (300): ['island', 'coast', 'islands', 'located', 'family', 'ginza']
	 Concept:        Locations
	 Concept (val):  Diverse cultural and geographical entities. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Shunem or Shunaam ( Sunem; in LXX ) was a small village mentioned in the Bible in ...
Flamborough Head () is a promontory,  long on the Yorkshire coast of England, betw...
In archery, the shape of the bow is usually taken to be the view from the side. It...
Sefer haYashar (Hebrew  spr hySHr) means "Book of the Upright One", but Jashar is ...
The music of Palau finds its heritage in Micronesia, but it has been supplemented ...
A well smack was a type of traditional fishing boat in use in the United Kingdom a...
Penyberth was a farmhouse at Penrhos, on the Llyn Peninsula near Pwllheli, Gwynedd...
Bible Training Institute, established in 1892, was a bible college which aimed to ...
Ojuela was a small mining settlement located northwest of the nearest town Mapimi,...
is one of the main schools of Japanese tea ceremony. Along with  and , it is one o...
