
NODE / DIMENSION  222 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['baronetage', 'baronetcies', 'wedderburn', 'persons', 'kingdom', 'created']
	 Keywords (300):  ['baronetage', 'kingdom', 'celle', 'britain', 'birkmyre', 'creations']
	 Concept:         Titles of various places and titles of various kinds are shared by the articles.
         Concept (val):   The overarching concept label that best represents the shared nature of
these seemingly disparate articles is "British taxonomy and history."
	 Extreme Articles:
	 Llanvapley () is a village in the community of Gobion Fawr, in Monmouthshire, so...
	 Witley Common is an area of woodland and heath, close to Witley, Surrey, in the ...
	 The Treasurer-depute was a senior post in the pre-Union government of Scotland. ...
	 Nephrotoma quadrifaria, also known as the four-spotted cranefly, is a species of...
	 TuS Celle FC is a football club based in Celle, Lower Saxony, Germany. They are ...
	 The Jervoise, later Clarke-Jervoise Baronetcy, of Idsworth in the County of Sout...
	 There have been three baronetcies created for persons with the surname Paul, one...
	 The Lumsden Baronetcy, of Auchindour in the County of Aberdeen, was a title in t...
	 There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Hayes, one ...
	 Hygrocybe chlorophana is a species of agaric (gilled mushroom) in the family Hyg...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['village', 'city', 'town', 'connellsville', 'complied', 'bagram']
	 Keywords (300): ['town', 'city', 'municipality', 'subdistrict', 'located', 'highway']
	 Concept:        Knowledge
	 Concept (val):  Information 

	 Extreme Articles:
Sokna is a small village located between Honefoss and Kroderen in the municipality...
The Homeland Security Advisory Council (HSAC) is part of the Executive Office of t...
The Encyclopedia Galactica is the name of a number of fictional or hypothetical en...
Nisroch ( Nisrok; ; ; ) was, according to the Hebrew Bible,  an Assyrian god in wh...
The Hidatsa are a Siouan people. They are enrolled in the federally recognized Thr...
Polypyridine complexes are coordination complexes containing polypyridine ligands,...
The United States Congress authorized the original six frigates of the United Stat...
The  (JCMU) is a study center operated by a consortium of the 15 public universiti...
PERMIAS is an organization that unites Indonesian college students in the United S...
Kemalism (, also archaically KamalizmKamalizm (1936) by Mehmet Seref Aykut), also ...
