
NODE / DIMENSION  442 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['ayyavazhi', 'information', 'family', 'number', 'compounds', 'tables']
	 Keywords (300):  ['issuers', 'entries', 'alphabetical', 'summary', 'formulated', 'stamp']
	 Concept:         Categorization
	 Concept (val):   Classification. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Fur seals are any of nine species of pinnipeds belonging to the subfamily Arctoc...
	 In metaphysics, particulars or individuals are usually contrasted with universal...
	 They are not listed here because they are home to Lufthansa's subsidiaries Eurow...
	 In telecommunications, a plesiochronous system is one where different parts of t...
	 Monastic granges were outlying landholdings held by monasteries independent of t...
	 Extrusomes are membrane-bound structures in some eukaryotes which, under certain...
	 Various Passeriformes (perching birds) are commonly referred to as warblers. The...
	 In linguistics, an object is any of several types of arguments.For descriptions ...
	 The Prorocentrales are a small order of dinoflagellates. They are distinguished ...
	 The thinking processes in  Eliyahu M. Goldratt's theory of constraints are the f...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['known', 'bitburg', 'kamuy', 'family', 'litua', 'nicophron']
	 Keywords (300): ['known', 'family', 'moth', 'town', 'species', 'recorded']
	 Concept:        Symbols
	 Concept (val):  Obscurity 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Great Seal is a principal national symbol of the United States. The phrase is ...
), was likely made during the reign of John VI Kantakouzenos (), as an explanatory...
Sceafa ( , also Sceaf, Scef) was an ancient Lombardic king in English legend. Acco...
An encumbrance is a third party's right to, interest in, or legal liability on pro...
"It does exactly what it says on the tin" was originally an advertising slogan in ...
Campylite is a variety of the lead arsenate mineral mimetite which received the na...
The British-American Project (BAP) is an organisation intended to strengthen links...
The Gestetner is a type of duplicating machine named after its inventor, David Ges...
Stages-of-growth model is a theoretical model for the growth of information techno...
Bitterfeld () is a town in the district of Anhalt-Bitterfeld, Saxony-Anhalt, Germa...
