
NODE / DIMENSION  467 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['menu', 'user', 'minister', 'prime', 'government', 'computer']
	 Keywords (300):  ['user', 'menu', 'minister', 'button', 'government', 'prime']
	 Concept:         Information Technology.
	 Concept (val):   Government 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The politics of the Central African Republic formally take place in a framework ...
	 A home page (or homepage) is the main web page of a website. The term may also r...
	 Liberation Day () is a public holiday in the Netherlands to mark the end of the ...
	 The politics of Mongolia takes place in a framework of a semi-presidential multi...
	 Pair programming is a software development technique in which two programmers wo...
	 The Software Engineering Body of Knowledge (SWEBOK ( )) is an international stan...
	 Charles-Camille Saint-Saens (, , ;) specifically mentioned in a review in 1844,R...
	 A scrollbar is an interaction technique or widget in which continuous text, pict...
	 RTFM is an initialism and internet slang for the expression "read the fucking ma...
	 In computing, a window is a graphical control element. It consists of a visual a...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100): ['streptomyces', 'zellkulturen', 'mikroorganismen', 'sammlung', 'used', 'isolated']
     Keywords (300): ['streptomyces', 'isolated', 'zellkulturen', 'mikroorganismen', 'sammlung', 'bacterium']
	 Concept:        Broad Concepts
	 Concept (val):  Skills/Expertise. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In telecommunication, electromagnetic survivability is the ability of a system, su...
In C is a musical piece composed by Terry Riley in 1964 for an indefinite number o...
Focused improvement in the theory of constraints is an ensemble of activities aime...
Digital microfluidics (DMF) is a platform for lab-on-a-chip systems that is based ...
Channelized in a telecommunications environment means that the line that communica...
Tincture is the limited palette of colours and patterns used in heraldry. The need...
In telecommunications and tradecraft, cover is the technique of concealing or alte...
al-Isma'iliyya al-khalisa / al-Isma'iliyya al-waqifa or Seveners () was a branch o...
Shelf life is the length of time that a commodity may be stored without becoming u...
Multihoming is the practice of connecting a host or a computer network to more tha...
