
NODE / DIMENSION  509 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['province', 'education', 'esmenard', 'statement', 'based', 'economic']
	 Keywords (300):  ['province', 'language', 'house', 'portuguese', 'north', 'era']
	 Concept:         Shared nature: Cultural and geographical diversity.
	 Concept (val):   Knowledge. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Ethnology (from the ,  meaning 'nation') is an academic field & discipline that ...
	 French Guinea () was a French colonial possession in West Africa. Its borders, w...
	 Foreign relations of Latvia are the primary responsibility of the Ministry of Fo...
	 Zuid-Beveland (; "South Beveland") is part of the province of Zeeland in the Net...
	 Tuuri is a village in Toysa, since 2013 part of Alavus, a town of Finland. It is...
	 Linguistic entailments are entailments which arise in natural language. If a sen...
	 This article outlines the grammar of the Dutch language, which shares strong sim...
	 The Comoros is a group of islands in the Indian Ocean, mostly an independent nat...
	 The Okinawa diet describes the traditional dietary practices of indigenous peopl...
	 In economics and particularly in consumer choice theory, the substitution effect...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['states', 'united', 'tributaries', 'monkeyflower', 'stroe', 'rosenkranz']
	 Keywords (300): ['states', 'united', 'used', '2021', 'square', 'public']
	 Concept:        Topics
	 Concept (val):  Broad Concepts 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Christadelphians () are a restorationist group that hold a view of biblical un...
Prime time or the peak time is the block of broadcast programming taking place dur...
Simony () is the act of selling church offices and roles or sacred things. It is n...
The Miller test, also called the three-prong obscenity test, is the United States ...
Secrecy is the practice of hiding information from certain individuals or groups w...
is the practice of inventing ingenious everyday gadgets that seem to be ideal solu...
The Hopi maintain a complex religious and mythological tradition stretching back o...
Dysphagia is difficulty in swallowing. Although classified under "symptoms and sig...
A market square (also known as a market place) is a square meant for trading, in w...
The Carrick bend, also known as the Sailor's breastplate, is a knot used for joini...
