
NODE / DIMENSION  437 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['built', 'tributaries', 'town', 'century', 'hanau', 'kilcurl']
	 Keywords (300):  ['built', 'century', 'time', 'town', 'designed', 'paragliding']
	 Concept:         Historical Artifacts
	 Concept (val):   Place Names. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The Telesterion ("Initiation Hall" from Gr. teleio, "to complete, to fulfill, to...
	 The history of the many lightvessel stations of Great Britain goes back over 250...
	 Trial and error is a fundamental method of problem-solving characterized by repe...
	 The Ensoniq Mirage is one of the earliest affordable sampler-synths, introduced ...
	 The Fend Flitzer was a three-wheeled invalid carriage designed and built by Frit...
	 The history of Copenhagen dates back to the first settlement at the site in the ...
	 The Perfect Matrimony or The Door to Enter Into Initiation is the first of appro...
	 The Adirondack Guideboat is a rowboat that was developed in the 1840s for recrea...
	 The axle hitch is used to tie a hitch in a hard-to-reach place, or for extra sec...
	 The Einang stone  (Einangsteinen) is a runestone located east of the Einang Soun...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['question', 'genus', 'orthography', 'javanese', 'transliterated', 'syllable']
	 Keywords (300): ['genus', 'option', 'decision', 'question', 'species', 'case']
	 Concept:        Concept Label: Diverse Topics
	 Concept (val):  Classification of Concepts 

	 Extreme Articles:
Malaysia is an active member of various international organisations, including the...
In chemistry and physics, metastability denotes an intermediate energetic state wi...
A riding is an administrative jurisdiction or electoral district, particularly in ...
Michael VI Bringas (), called Stratiotikos or Stratioticus ("the Military One", "t...
Fourth World refers to a sub-population subjected to social exclusion in global so...
Birefringence is the optical property of a material having a refractive index that...
Bon or Bon (), also known as Yungdrung Bon (, ), is the indigenous Tibetan religio...
In general linguistics, the comparative is a syntactic construction that serves to...
Real options valuation, also often termed real options analysis,Adam Borison (Stan...
In thermodynamics, the chemical potential of a species is the energy that can be a...
