
NODE / DIMENSION  152 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['numeracy', 'priaulet', 'subinterval', 'time', 'risk', 'rate']
	 Keywords (300):  ['ratio', 'measure', 'number', 'value', 'numbers', 'material']
	 Concept:         Mathematical Analysis.
	 Concept (val):   Measurement 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In probability theory, odds provide a measure of the likelihood of a particular ...
	 In mathematics, the term local analysis has at least two meanings, both derived ...
	 In mathematics and computer programming, index notation is used to specify the e...
	 In computability theory, the theory of real computation deals with hypothetical ...
	 The determination of the day of the week for any date may be performed with a va...
	 Quinary  (base 5 or pental) is a numeral system with five as the base. A possibl...
	 In mathematics, approximation theory is concerned with how functions can best be...
	 A fudge factor is an ad hoc quantity or element introduced into a calculation, f...
	 Winsorizing or winsorization is the transformation of statistics by limiting ext...
	 In statistics, the method of moments is a method of estimation of population par...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['languages', 'language', 'balabat', 'puinave', 'camsa', 'ambulas']
	 Keywords (300): ['language', 'languages', 'spoken', 'dayak', 'gumuz', 'sranan']
	 Concept:        Languages
	 Concept (val):  Languages and Linguistics. 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Mande languages (Manden, Manding; ) are a group of languages spoken in several...
Ijoid is a proposed but undemonstrated group of languages linking the Ijaw languag...
Musahar or Mushahar () are a Dalit community found in the eastern Gangetic plain a...
Viemo, also known as Vige, Vigue, Vigye, is a language of Burkina Faso. It may be ...
Korowai (Kolufaup) is a Trans-New-Guinean language spoken in South Papua, Indonesi...
Yaqay (Yakhai, Yaqai, Jakai, Jaqai) is a Papuan language spoken in Indonesia by ov...
Wipi, also known as Gidra, Jibu or Oriomo, is a Papuan language of New Guinea. It ...
Miqueu Tronc (in French language Michel Tronc) was a 16th-century Occitan language...
Gueren (Gueren) is an extinct Botocudoan language of Brazil, related to Krenak. To...
Ghale is a Sino-Tibetan dialect cluster of Nepal that may be part of the Tamangic ...
