
NODE / DIMENSION  263 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100):  ['standardwing', 'swamiyar', 'bigeye', 'methoxybenzyl', 'pentacanthus', 'semioptera']
	 Keywords (300):  ['hairstreak', 'standardwing', 'genus', 'family', 'nyali', 'known']
	 Concept:         Miscellaneous
	 Concept (val):   Miscellaneous Information 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The preternatural (or praeternatural) is that which appears outside or beside (L...
	 Riothamus (also spelled Riutimus or Riotimus)Riothamus (Sidonius Apollinaris, Ep...
	 Farbrausch, or Farb-rausch, is a German group of demomakers who became well know...
	 A lighterman is a worker who operates a lighter, a type of flat-bottomed barge, ...
	 An obstruent () is a speech sound such as , , or  that is formed by obstructing ...
	 A coachbuilder or body-maker is someone who manufactures bodies for passenger-ca...
	 Fir Ol nEchmacht was the name of a group or race of people living in pre-histori...
	 Mstislav Mstislavich the Daring or Mstyslav Mstyslavich the Able (, ;The origina...
	 Beauvilliers (or Beauvillier) was the name of a very ancient French family belon...
	 Coronaridine, also known as 18-carbomethoxyibogamine, is an alkaloid found in Ta...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['marketocracy', 'value', 'published', 'russia', 'thun', 'book']
	 Keywords (300): ['published', 'book', 'reviewed', 'thun', 'business', 'peer']
	 Concept:        Information Sharing.
	 Concept (val):  Information & Communication 

	 Extreme Articles:
In English, the phrase rule of thumb refers to an approximate method for doing som...
The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) is a statistic used in cost-effect...
Business @ the Speed of Thought  is a book written by Bill Gates and Collins Hemin...
Post-money valuation is a way of expressing the value of a company after an invest...
There are at least eight distinct lineages of Wing Chun, these are mostly little-k...
Andrew Bedner is an American man at the center of a bioethical controversy regardi...
Motivating operation (MO) is a behavioristic concept introduced by Jack Michael in...
For Services Rendered is a play by Somerset Maugham. First performed in London in ...
"Why Most Published Research Findings Are False" is a 2005 essay written by John I...
Cofiroute USA is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cofiroute, S.A (France) and is part ...
