
NODE / DIMENSION  459 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['fulfilling', 'health', 'measurement', 'finds', 'initiative', 'income']
	 Keywords (300):  ['division', 'creation', 'results', 'elections', 'list', 'electoral']
	 Concept:         Classification
	 Concept (val):   Label: "Division and composition" 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 An order in architecture is a certain assemblage of parts subject to uniform est...
	 Standard of living is the level of income, comforts and services available, gene...
	 One of the British overseas territories, the Caribbean island of Anguilla measur...
	 There are many different numbering schemes for assigning nominal numbers to enti...
	 (Large Scales) is used to refer to range of scales developed to be able to be op...
	 In the social sciences, a social group is defined as two or more people who inte...
	 Auto-configuration is the automatic configuration of devices without manual inte...
	 An associated state is the minor partner in a formal, free relationship between ...
	 In computer programming, cohesion refers to the degree to which the elements ins...
	 Hydrocyclones are a type of cyclonic separators that separate product phases mai...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['criminal', 'law', 'person', 'primorsky', 'town', 'case']
	 Keywords (300): ['law', 'criminal', 'person', 'case', 'ancient', 'town']
	 Concept:        Law and Legal Proceedings.
	 Concept (val):  Legal Concepts. 

	 Extreme Articles:
An allocution, or allocutus, is a formal statement made to the court by the defend...
The M'Naghten rule (pronounced, and sometimes spelled, McNaughton) is any variant ...
In jurisprudence,  () is the subjective state of mind of the perpetrator of a crim...
Imprisonment is the restraint of a person's liberty, for any cause whatsoever, whe...
The maiden name for Donoghue, however, has been listed as both "McAlister" and "M'...
Liberality and Prodigality (A Pleasant Comedie, shewing the contention betweene Li...
In law, the doctrine of chances is a rule of evidence that allows evidence to show...
Intimidation is a legal wrong which usually involves deterring or coercing an indi...
A self-destruct is a mechanism that can cause an object to destroy itself or rende...
Trial in absentia is a criminal proceeding in a court of law in which the person w...
