
NODE / DIMENSION  269 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['family', 'fungi', 'order', 'gram', 'genus', 'bacterium']
	 Keywords (300):  ['family', 'fungi', 'order', 'genus', 'gram', 'species']
	 Concept:         Information technology.
	 Concept (val):   Entities 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Progress in the area of prevention is formulated in an environment of beliefs, c...
	 A microfilmer is a machine used by the document management industry to create mi...
	 Liveware was used in the computer industry as early as 1966 to refer to computer...
	 The Public Burning, Robert Coover's third novel, was published in 1977. It is an...
	 I'm Good Now is the sixth solo (and 4th studio) album from Bob Schneider, releas...
	 The Bacillales are an order of Gram-positive bacteria, placed within the Bacillo...
	 The Chestatee River (variant spellings Chestatie, Chestetee, Chostatee, Chosteta...
	 The Factory Acts were a series of acts passed by the Parliament of the United Ki...
	 Brucella melitensis is a Gram-negative coccobacillus bacterium from the Brucella...
	 In numismatics, a matrix is an intermediate mould used in the process of manufac...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['university', 'school', 'college', 'education', 'graduation', 'marigo']
	 Keywords (300): ['university', 'college', 'professor', 'education', 'school', 'students']
	 Concept:        Educational Institutions.
	 Concept (val):  Academic institutions and scholars. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Bayfordbury, Hertfordshire, is a large Grade II* listed country house with surroun...
Studying abroad in the United States is the act of a student pursuing educational ...
Richard A. Harshman  was a member of the Department of Psychology of the Universit...
Making of America (MoA) is a collaborative effort by Cornell University and the Un...
The Accrediting Commission for Community and Junior Colleges (ACCJC) is an accredi...
Lango College is an all-boys O and A level boarding secondary school located in th...
Example choice is a teaching method that has been developed and explored at the Un...
The University of Clermont-Ferrand was officially founded in 1896, by merging of t...
Mons Aurea, or ROC Nova College is a middelbare school and former "huishoud school...
Lycee d'Arabe is a school in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located opposite (south...
