
NODE / DIMENSION  181 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100):  ['diplectanid', 'monogenean', 'grouper', 'epinephelus', 'pseudorhabdosynochus', 'gills']
     Keywords (300):  ['football', 'grouper', 'epinephelus', 'diplectanid', 'pseudorhabdosynochus', 'monogenean']
	 Concept:         Diverse Topics
	 Concept (val):   Miscellaneous Information 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Delegation is the assignment of authority to another person (normally from a man...
	 Incisors (from Latin incidere, "to cut") are the front teeth present in most mam...
	 The European Cooperative Society (SCE, for Latin ) is, in corporate law, a Europ...
	 Actinomyces naeslundii is a Gram-positive, rod-shaped bacterium found in the mou...
	 An extra attacker in ice hockey and ringette is a forward or, less commonly, a d...
	 The General Motors Ultralite was a 1992 low emission vehicle concept car intende...
	 Two-wheel-drive (2WD) denotes vehicles with a drivetrain that allows two wheels ...
	 A hydrogen highway is a chain of hydrogen-equipped public filling stations, alon...
	 The Automotive Electronics Council (AEC) is an organization originally establish...
	 In philosophy, potentiality and actualitydynamis-energeia, translated into Latin...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['aircraft', 'built', 'designed', 'thyroiditis', 'fly', 'supplied']
	 Keywords (300): ['aircraft', 'parnassius', 'designed', 'art', 'fly', 'painting']
	 Concept:        Transportation.
	 Concept (val):  Information about various subjects. 

	 Extreme Articles:
A wall is a structure and a surface that defines an area; carries a load; provides...
Aurora is a rumored mid-1980s American reconnaissance aircraft. There is no substa...
The Rutan VariEze is a composite, canard aircraft designed by Burt Rutan. It is a ...
A triplane is a fixed-wing aircraft equipped with three vertically stacked wing pl...
An aircraft catapult is a device used to allow aircraft to take off in a limited d...
Berolina is the female personification of Berlin and the allegorical female figure...
Genchu (Yuan Zhong ) was a Japanese era of the Southern Court during the Era of No...
The Beechcraft Model 76 Duchess is an American twin-engined monoplane built by Bee...
Strategies for engineered negligible senescence (SENS) is a range of proposed rege...
The Parnall Peto was a small seaplane designed to the British Air Ministry's speci...
