
NODE / DIMENSION  153 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['criminal', 'law', 'police', 'crime', 'person', 'chabedi']
	 Keywords (300):  ['criminal', 'crime', 'law', 'police', 'person', 'case']
	 Concept:         Law and Crime.
	 Concept (val):   Law enforcement and criminal justice. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In court proceedings, a defendant is a person or object who is the party either ...
	 The police are a constituted body of persons empowered by a state, with the aim ...
	 A whodunit or whodunnit (a colloquial elision of "Who [has] done it?") is a comp...
	 Criminal justice is the delivery of justice to those who have been accused of co...
	 In criminal law, kidnapping is the unlawful abduction, asportation and confineme...
	 An arrest is the act of apprehending and taking a person into custody (legal pro...
	 Mystery is a fiction genre where the nature of an event, usually a murder or oth...
	 In  criminal  and  civil law, strict liability is a standard of liability under ...
	 In the criminal law of many nations, necessity may be either a possible justific...
	 In law, provocation is when a person is considered to have committed a criminal ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['cresques', 'nese', 'oberheim', 'lancair', 'caraboat', 'histologica']
	 Keywords (300): ['mentha', 'zk', 'synthetic', 'leucadendron', 'oberheim', 'lancair']
	 Concept:        Miscellaneous.
	 Concept (val):  Knowledge Acquisition 

	 Extreme Articles:
An ersatz good () is a substitute good, especially one that is considered inferior...
Farbrausch, or Farb-rausch, is a German group of demomakers who became well known ...
Genealogiae scriptoris Fusniacensis or Genealogia regum Francorum tertiae stirpis ...
Abelam (or Ambulas, Abulas) is the most prevalent of the Ndu languages of Sepik Ri...
Hydrocortamate (brand names Magnacort, Ulcortis) is a synthetic glucocorticoid wit...
The Caraboat was a unique caravan/boat hybrid produced during the 1970s. As of tod...
Lapachu, also known as Apolista or Aguachile, is an extinct Arawakan language of B...
Roller Electrospinning system a method for producing nanofibres was developed by J...
Maratelli is a semifino riceRiso Maratelli   Web site native to the Asigliano Verc...
More Stuff is the title of the second full-length studio release by the group Stuf...
