
NODE / DIMENSION  394 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['baronetage', 'baronetcies', 'persons', 'surname', 'created', 'kingdom']
	 Keywords (300):  ['baronetage', 'baronetcies', 'persons', 'surname', 'created', 'extant']
	 Concept:         Titles and names in English history.
	 Concept (val):   Baronetcies of Extinct Creations. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The title Earl of Mulgrave has been created twice. The first time as a title in ...
	 Earl Granville is a title that has been created twice, once in the Peerage of Gr...
	 The title Viscount Brackley has been created twice for members of the Egerton fa...
	 The Broadcast Advertising Clearance Centre (BACC) was a non-governmental organis...
	 The Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire is a trade guild of metalworkers based in ...
	 Smectymnuus was the nom de plume of a group of Puritan clergymen active in Engla...
	 There have been four baronetcies created for persons with the surname Clark (as ...
	 The Comper Streak was a single-engined, single-seat racing monoplane built in th...
	 The Comper Kite was a single-engined, two-seat touring monoplane built in the UK...
	 Little Bromwich is a small area in central-east Birmingham, England. It borders ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['selo', 'village', 'tychy', 'district', 'locality', 'center']
	 Keywords (300): ['district', 'village', 'locality', 'selo', 'russia', 'center']
	 Concept:        Locations and concepts.
	 Concept (val):  Miscellaneous. 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Oxyurini are a tribe of the duck subfamily of birds, the Anatinae. It has been...
Stewardship is an ethical value that embodies the responsible planning and managem...
Pegrema () is an abandoned village in Medvezhyegorsky District of the Republic of ...
Aminoglycoside is a medicinal and bacteriologic category of traditional Gram-negat...
Widok is a part of the Szczecin City, Poland situated on the right bank of Oder ri...
Zydowce is a part of the city of Szczecin, Poland situated on the right bank of Od...
Klucz is a part of the city of Szczecin, Poland situated on the right bank of Oder...
Kluczewko is a part of the Szczecin City, Poland situated on the right bank of Ode...
Jezyce  is a part of the city of Poznan in western Poland. It was one of the five ...
The midparent value is defined as the average of the trait value of father and a s...
