
NODE / DIMENSION  158 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['ticketleap', 'hoti', 'brennabor', 'denella', 'topcon', 'largeworker']
	 Keywords (300):  ['canton', '2015', 'erratencrinurus', 'ardaseer', 'largeworker', 'vulcanologia']
	 Concept:         Geographical Locations.
	 Concept (val):   Place names. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 or Geishu () was a province in the Chugoku Region of western Honshu, comprising ...
	 In theoretical physics, path-ordering is the procedure (or a meta-operator \math...
	 !Nami|=Nus (; until 2013 Luderitz), is an electoral constituency in the ||Karas ...
	 The linking pin model is an idea developed by Rensis Likert. It presents an orga...
	 The Allotriges or Allotrigones (Greek: Allotrigoi), were a small 'Celticized' mo...
	 The Thiviers-Payzac Unit  is a metasedimentary succession of late Neoproterozoic...
	 The Parliament of Besancon () was one of the parlements of the French Ancien Reg...
	 The holy grail is a web page layout which has multiple equal-height columns that...
	 Intrepid-class gunvessels were a class of six Royal Navy first-class wooden gunv...
	 A  (; ; ), The hyphenated form shui-hu adheres to the Wade-Giles system, used by...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['development', 'compounds', 'environmental', 'rights', 'human', 'public']
	 Keywords (300): ['rights', 'ministry', 'human', 'development', 'education', 'environment']
	 Concept:        Knowledge Acquisition.
	 Concept (val):  Rights 

	 Extreme Articles:
Transport infrastructure in Brazil is characterized by strong regional differences...
Environmental skepticism is the belief that statements by environmentalists, and t...
Transport in North Korea is constrained by economic problems and government restri...
Research is "creative and systematic work undertaken to increase the stock of know...
The Ricardian equivalence proposition (also known as the Ricardo-de Viti-Barro equ...
Environmental protection is the practice of protecting the natural environment by ...
Endogenous growth theory holds that economic growth is primarily the result of end...
The goal of fisheries management is to produce sustainable biological, environment...
The Science and Engineering Research Council (SERC) and its predecessor the Scienc...
Credibility comprises the objective and subjective components of the believability...
