
NODE / DIMENSION  45 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['sulfonyl', 'nitrene', 'amidines', 'alkenyl', 'flavonoids', 'fad']
     Keywords (300):  ['supergamer', 'reaction', 'cyp', 'aminobenzal', 'cyclopentanonide', 'chlorophenols']
	 Concept:         Chemistry and Biology.
	 Concept (val):   Chemical compounds and reactions. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In computer science, in the field of databases, write-read conflict, also known ...
	 Praseodymium is a chemical element with the symbol Pr and the atomic number 59. ...
	 Gastrin-releasing peptide, also known as GRP, is a neuropeptide, a regulatory mo...
	 The Reissert indole synthesis is a series of chemical reactions designed to synt...
	 b-Hydride elimination is a reaction in which an alkyl group bonded to a metal ce...
	 The Pinner triazine synthesis  describes the preparation of 2-hydroxyl-4,6-diary...
	 SuperGamer is a Linux distribution for the x86 platform originally based on the ...
	 In molecular biology, D-stereospecific aminopeptidase (D-aminopeptidase)  is an ...
	 In molecular biology, ghrelin opposite strand (non-protein coding), also known a...
	 Nitrolic acids are organic compounds with the functional group RC(NO2)=NOH.  The...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['species', 'snipefish', 'genus', 'family', 'lasioglossum', 'mordella']
     Keywords (300): ['mordella', 'superfamily', 'tenebrionoidea', 'mordellidae', 'species', 'discovered']
	 Concept:        Beetle species within the genus Mordella.
	 Concept (val):  Biodiversity. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Mordella postinsignata is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family ...
Mordella verticordiae is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family M...
Mordella diversepubens is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family ...
Mordella insignata is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mord...
Mordella kannegietri is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mo...
Mordella nigripes is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Morde...
Mordella waterstradi is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mo...
Mordella guttatipennis is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family ...
Mordella elongatula is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mor...
Mordella scheelei is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Morde...
