
NODE / DIMENSION  50 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['benchrest', 'cattleya', 'brazilian', 'album', 'velamen', 'luteogriseus']
	 Keywords (300):  ['album', 'band', 'released', 'rock', 'studio', 'firearms']
	 Concept:         Miscellaneous
	 Concept (val):   Music and Firearms 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Econoline Crush is a Canadian rock band from Vancouver, British Columbia, formed...
	 In United States military doctrine, LERTCON is an abbreviation of alert conditio...
	 Electronic firing refers to the use of an electric current to fire a cartridge i...
	 You Gotta Sin to Get Saved is the second album by the American singer-songwriter...
	 Location shooting is the shooting of a film or television production in a real-w...
	 The Cuban Project, also known as Operation Mongoose, was an extensive campaign o...
	 FDI stock is the value of the share of capital and reserves (including retained ...
	 Product Support Services, more commonly referred to as PSS, is the Microsoft bus...
	 It Did Make a Difference is the discography album of one of Sweden's first hardc...
	 The Vickers Vigilant was a British 1960s era MCLOS wire-guided anti-tank missile...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['merfyn', 'baronetage', 'gens', 'food', 'ancient', 'ratot']
	 Keywords (300): ['ancient', 'rome', 'gens', 'merfyn', 'baronetage', 'century']
	 Concept:        Historical places and cultures.
	 Concept (val):  Historical Figures. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Financial economics is the branch of economics characterized by a "concentration o...
Five Field Kono (obatgonu) is a Korean abstract strategy game. A player wins by mo...
The Sabines (, , , ; ; , all exonyms) were an Italic people who lived in the centr...
Feronia () is the name of a mysterious ancient site (now disappeared) near the tow...
Shabu-shabu ( The term is onomatopoeic, derived from the sound - "swish swish" - e...
The Selgovae (Common Brittonic: *Selgowi) were a Celtic tribe of the late 2nd cent...
Lancashire is a county of England, in the northwest of the country. The county did...
Lincolnshire, England derived from the merging of the territory of the ancient Kin...
Gnaeus Cornelius Lentulus Vatia (also called Lentulus Batiatus by Plutarch)McGushi...
The history of the Auvergne dates back to the early Middle Ages, when it was a his...
