
NODE / DIMENSION  137 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['negative', 'livno', 'gram', 'sande', 'aerobic', 'methylobacterium']
	 Keywords (300):  ['gram', 'negative', 'used', 'bacterium', 'bacteria', 'isolated']
	 Concept:         Information Systems
	 Concept (val):   Concept Label: Diverse Topics 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Overgrazing occurs when plants are exposed to intensive grazing for extended per...
	 In telecommunication, channel reliability (ChR) is the percentage of time a comm...
	 Carnelian (also spelled cornelian) is a brownish-red mineral commonly used as a ...
	 A Petri net, also known as a place/transition (PT) net, is one of several mathem...
	 Elastography is any of a class of medical imaging modalities that map the elasti...
	 Datagram Delivery Protocol (DDP) is a member of the AppleTalk networking protoco...
	 In marketing, customer lifetime value (CLV or often CLTV), lifetime customer val...
	 A flexure bearing is a category of flexure which is engineered to be compliant i...
	 In geometry, a deltoidal hexecontahedron (also sometimes called a trapezoidal he...
	 Caulobacter crescentus is a Gram-negative, oligotrophic bacterium widely distrib...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['problem', 'solution', 'procedure', 'method', 'solving', 'byvej']
	 Keywords (300): ['solution', 'problem', 'method', 'process', 'north', 'located']
	 Concept:        Concept label: Problem-solving methods.
	 Concept (val):  Knowledge and exploration. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In the game of poker, a betting round is said to be closed if no player will have ...
A recipe is a set of instructions that describes how to prepare or make something,...
In mathematics and applied mathematics, perturbation theory comprises methods for ...
A workaround is a bypass of a recognized problem or limitation in a system or poli...
Jam sync refers to the practice of applying a phase hit to a system to bring it in...
Bernardino Telesio (; 7 November 1509 - 2 October 1588) was an Italian philosopher...
The history of Mexico City stretches back to its founding ca. 1325 CE as the Mexic...
The New North Road is a road in northern central London, forming part of a link ro...
The Global Marshall Plan is a plan first devised by former American Vice-President...
Upgrading is the process of replacing a product with a newer version of the same p...
