
NODE / DIMENSION  188 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['commutant', 'hirao', 'function', 'ps', 'integer', 'reaction']
	 Keywords (300):  ['function', 'reaction', 'enzyme', 'catalyzes', 'chemical', 'mathematics']
	 Concept:         Mathematics.
	 Concept (val):   Mathematics. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The subset sum problem (SSP) is a decision problem in computer science. In its m...
	 In telecommunication, a paired disparity code is a line code in which at least o...
	 In computer science, an escape sequence is a combination of characters that has ...
	 The Heaviside step function, or the unit step function, usually denoted by  or  ...
	 The enzyme ornithine decarboxylase (, ODC) catalyzes the decarboxylation of orni...
	 In mathematics, a function from a set  to a set  assigns to each element of  exa...
	 Infix notation is the notation commonly used in arithmetical and logical formula...
	 In mathematics, an element x of a ring R is called nilpotent if there exists som...
	 As the positive integer n becomes larger and larger, the value n\times \sin\left...
	 In stereochemistry, diastereomers (sometimes called diastereoisomers) are a type...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['political', 'history', 'people', 'melus', 'freedom', 'junto']
	 Keywords (300): ['political', 'government', 'history', 'war', 'power', 'century']
	 Concept:        Information
	 Concept (val):  Political Movements 

	 Extreme Articles:
Journalism is the production and distribution of reports on the interaction of eve...
A legislature is an assembly with the authority to make laws for a political entit...
UserLand Software is a US-based software company, founded in 1988, (official site)...
American exceptionalism is the belief that the United States is either distinctive...
Shachtmanism is the form of Marxism associated with Max Shachtman (1904-1972). It ...
Martello towers, sometimes known simply as Martellos, are small defensive forts th...
The economic history of Japan is most studied for the spectacular social and econo...
The terms enemy of the people and enemy of the nation are designations for the pol...
The American Civil War was the most widely covered conflict of the 19th century. T...
The Redressement Francais (French Resurgence) was a French anti-parliamentarian mo...
