
NODE / DIMENSION  23 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['chrysozephyrus', 'katydid', 'family', 'chasteler', 'lycaenids', 'hairstreak']
	 Keywords (300):  ['family', 'katydid', 'chrysozephyrus', 'noble', 'life', 'lycaenids']
	 Concept:         Family and Relationships.
	 Concept (val):   Family Heritage 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In social anthropology, matrilocal residence or matrilocality (also uxorilocal r...
	 The House of Balliol (de Bailleul) was a noble family originating from the villa...
	 Cyberkinetics is an American company with roots tied to the University of Utah. ...
	 (Law Latin, between the living) is a legal term referring to a transfer or gift ...
	 The House of Orsini-Rosenberg (also Ursin-Rosenberg) is the name of an old Austr...
	 Lycia lapponaria, the Rannoch brindled beauty, is a moth of the family Geometrid...
	 Service is a 1932 play by the British writer Dodie Smith. It is set around the l...
	 MegaHits was a video lottery terminal (VLT) multiple-progressive jackpot game th...
	 Agnaridae is a family of woodlice. They were formerly considered part of the Tra...
	 Ehestandshilfe ("marriage assistance") was a tax levied on unmarried people in N...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100): ['tshakhuma', 'rusinow', 'underspecification', 'revigny', 'aistopods', 'fiberoptic']
	 Keywords (300): ['used', 'term', 'class', 'rusinow', 'sulfamate', 'lead']
	 Concept:        Language and Communication.
	 Concept (val):  Knowledge Classification. 

	 Extreme Articles:
A tongue twister is a phrase that is designed to be difficult to articulate proper...
Satisficing is a decision-making strategy or cognitive heuristic that entails sear...
A buzzword is a word or phrase, new or already existing, that becomes popular for ...
Neuropsychological tests are specifically designed tasks that are used to measure ...
Buleria (; interchangeable with the plural, bulerias) is a fast flamenco rhythm ma...
Strip map and sample is a method of archaeological excavation applied in the Unite...
Autocross (also called "Solo", "Auto-x" or "Autoslalom") is a timed competition in...
In mathematics, the ADE classification (originally A-D-E classifications) is a sit...
A canovaccio is a scenario used by commedia dell'arte players. It consisted only o...
Phytoalexins are antimicrobial substances, some of which are antioxidative as well...
