
NODE / DIMENSION  295 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['macaura', 'information', 'einstellung', 'rockcorps', 'evidence', 'r2p']
	 Keywords (300):  ['help', 'macaura', 'anyon', 'information', 'unitus', 'people']
     Concept:         "diverse applications."
	 Concept (val):   Humanitarianism 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 A free good is a good that is not scarce, and therefore is available without lim...
	 A nibbler, or nibblers,Jeffery Zurschmeide Automotive Welding: A Practical Guide...
	 }}Bodymind is an approach to understand the relationship between the human body ...
	 Prefetching in computer science is a technique for speeding up fetch operations ...
	 Engage With Grace is a non-profit, viral movement designed to help get the conve...
	 Water diplomacy focuses on establishing novel solutions founded on a scientific ...
	 Wish Upon a Hero is a social helping network in the United States, which connect...
	 BIOPAT is non-profit-making association set up to raise funds, through donation,...
	 Information excellence is the ability of a person, as a talent, or an organizati...
	 The NASLA (Nanostructured Anti-septical Coatings) Project involves four small an...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['nemophila', 'described', 'family', 'xenorhabdus', 'governorate', 'zellkulturen']
     Keywords (300): ['described', 'governorate', 'zellkulturen', 'mikroorganismen', 'streptomyces', 'sammlung']
	 Concept:        Historical Locations.
	 Concept (val):  Species diversity. 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Kingdom of Sedang (; Vietnamese: Vuong quoc Xo Dang; sometimes referred to in ...
A dateline is a brief piece of text included in news articles that describes where...
The Lordship of Sidon (), (Later County of Sidon) was one of the four major fiefdo...
The Premio Bancarella is an Italian literary prize established in 1953; it is give...
Billafingen is a village that is part of Owingen in the Bodensee district, Germany...
Flavius Eutolmius Tatianus  (;  357-392) was a Senator of the Late Roman Empire.  ...
Amanikhabale (also transliterated Astabarqaman) was a King of Kush who probably ru...
Coenyra is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalida...
Neita is a genus of butterflies from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphal...
A kadiluk, in some cases equivalent to a kaza, was a local administrative subdivis...
