
NODE / DIMENSION  346 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['court', 'vivadi', 'case', 'legal', 'tjonat', 'picote']
	 Keywords (300):  ['case', 'law', 'court', 'legal', 'computer', 'city']
	 Concept:         Legal and technical terminology.
	 Concept (val):   Communication. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In United States constitutional law, the political question doctrine holds that ...
	 In telecommunication, an articulation score (AS) is a subjective measure of the ...
	 Bit-synchronous operation is a type of digital communication in which the data c...
	 In telecommunications, the intercharacter interval is the time interval between ...
	 Many climbing routes have a grade that reflects the technical difficulty, and in...
	 In the United Kingdom, a scheduled monument is a nationally important archaeolog...
	 Nennius - or Nemnius or Nemnivus - was a Welsh monk of the 9th century. He has t...
	 In common-law jurisprudence, procedendo is one of the prerogative writs. It is a...
	 IGAS is the abbreviation for International Graphoanalysis Society. The organizat...
	 The Private Express Statutes (PES) are a group of United States federal civil an...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['isolated', 'bacterium', 'rsnp', 'gram', 'sakazakii', 'spadellidae']
	 Keywords (300): ['gram', 'negative', 'bacteria', 'isolated', 'bacterium', 'pythium']
	 Concept:        Microorganisms and organisms
	 Concept (val):  Microorganisms in various environments. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Pelagodiscus is a monospecific genus of discinid brachiopods. Silica tablets leave...
Gemmatimonas aurantiaca is a Gram-negative, aerobic, polyphosphate-accumulating mi...
The longhead dab (Limanda proboscidea) is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae....
Hygrocybe quieta is a species of agaric (gilled mushroom) in the family Hygrophora...
p-Coumaroylated anthocyanins are a type of anthocyanins with a p-coumaric acid uni...
Archaeoglobus profundus is a sulphate-reducing archaea. Archaeoglobus can be found...
A vesosome is a multi-compartmental structure of lipidic nature used to deliver dr...
Pelobacter propionicus is a species of bacteria that ferments 2,3-butanediol and a...
Legionella moravica is a Gram-negative bacterium from the genus Legionella which w...
Legionella quateirensis is a Gram-negative bacterium from the genus Legionella whi...
