
NODE / DIMENSION  353 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['government', 'olf', 'population', 'north', 'region', 'tsang']
	 Keywords (300):  ['grasshopper', 'region', 'area', 'population', 'people', 'government']
	 Concept:         Special administrative regions
	 Concept (val):   Miscellaneous 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Macau is a special administrative region (SAR) of the People's Republic of China...
	 A package manager or package-management system is a collection of software tools...
	 The Lapiths (; , Lapithai, sing. Lapithes) were a group of legendary people in G...
	 Off-budget enterprises (OBEs,  or special districts) are a type of government in...
	 Taxation in Japan is based primarily upon a national  and a  based upon one's ar...
	 Anti-French sentiment in the United States has consisted of unfavorable estimati...
	 The twelve leverage points to intervene in a system were proposed by Donella Mea...
	 Time Sharing Option (TSO) is an interactive time-sharing environment for IBM mai...
	 Spectravideo International Limited (SVI) was an American computer manufacturer a...
	 An agglomeration community () is a government structure in France, created by th...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['fish', 'marine', 'family', 'species', 'sea', 'demersal']
	 Keywords (300): ['marine', 'fish', 'sea', 'family', 'species', 'gastropod']
	 Concept:        Marine species.
	 Concept (val):  Marine biodiversity. 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Type XIV U-boat was designed to resupply other U-boats, being the only submari...
The prowfish (Zaprora silenus) is a species of scorpaeniform marine fish found in ...
Cetomimidae is a family of small, deep-sea cetomimiform fish. They are among the m...
Schindleria is a genus of marine fish. It was the only genus of family Schindlerii...
Fangtooths are beryciform fish of the family Anoplogastridae (sometimes spelled "A...
An off-premises extension (OPX),  sometimes also known as off-premises station (OP...
USS Irex (SS-482), a , was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for...
Airtel is an outdated data communication process used internally within the FBI in...
Call park is a feature of some telephone systems that allows a person to put a cal...
Hermodice carunculata, the bearded fireworm, is a type of marine bristleworm belon...
