
NODE / DIMENSION  492 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['dog', 'germany', 'dogs', 'samtgemeinde', 'saxony', 'school']
	 Keywords (300):  ['dog', 'germany', 'dogs', 'german', 'saxony', 'school']
	 Concept:         Topics
	 Concept (val):   Dogs 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Cirrostratus  is a high-altitude, very thin, generally uniform stratiform genus-...
	 Chemnitz () is one of the three former Direktionsbezirke of Saxony, Germany, loc...
	 Dresden is one of the three former Direktionsbezirke of Saxony, Germany, located...
	 The Xoloitzcuintle (or Xoloitzquintle, Xoloitzcuintli, or Xolo) is one of severa...
	 Altmuhltal (lit.: "Altmuhl valley") is a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (federation of ...
	 Slovincians, also known as Leba Kashubians, is a near-extinct ethnic subgroup of...
	 Ordinaries in heraldry are sometimes embellished with stripes of colour alongsid...
	 Cunobeline (or Cunobelin, from Latin , derived from Common Brittonic *Cunobelino...
	 Husky is a general term for a dog used in the polar regions, primarily and speci...
	 The Tenterfield Terrier is a dog breed developed in Australia. They are a strong...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['game', 'mordella', 'games', 'species', 'genus', 'tenebrionoidea']
	 Keywords (300): ['game', 'mordella', 'species', 'genus', 'tenebrionoidea', 'mordellidae']
	 Concept:        Games and gaming.
	 Concept (val):  Games 

	 Extreme Articles:
Games of patience, or (card) solitaires as they are usually called in North Americ...
Parcheesi is a brand-name American adaptation of the Indian cross and circle board...
Jonchets or onchets is a pick-up sticks game from France played with carved sticks...
Gameplay is the specific way in which players interact with a game, and in particu...
A browser game is a video game that is played via the internet using a web browser...
Probotector is an alternate title originally given to a number of Contra games in ...
An audio game is an electronic game played on a device such as a personal computer...
Ba-awa is a variant of the game of mancala originating in Ghana. Although played i...
In combinatorial game theory, the zero game is the game where neither player has a...
Video game development (or gamedev) is the process of developing a video game. The...
