
NODE / DIMENSION  287 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['mental', 'disorder', 'counseling', 'symptoms', 'police', 'condition']
	 Keywords (300):  ['mental', 'disorder', 'health', 'treatment', 'violence', 'psychiatric']
	 Concept:         Medical and Psychological Sciences.
	 Concept (val):   Information 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The Radio Research Project was a social research project funded by the Rockefell...
	 Serotonin syndrome (SS) is a group of symptoms that may occur with the use of ce...
	 Psychosurgery, also called  neurosurgery for mental disorder (NMD), is the neuro...
	 Neuromorphic computing is an approach to computing that is inspired by the struc...
	 Developmental disorders comprise a group of psychiatric conditions originating i...
	 The Butterworth filter is a type of signal processing filter designed to have a ...
	 Named after Lithuanian-Soviet psychologist Bluma Zeigarnik, in psychology the Ze...
	 The term semi-monocoque or semimonocoque refers to a stressed shell structure th...
	 Hypophosphatemia is an electrolyte disorder in which there is a low level of pho...
	 The Global Assessment of Functioning (GAF) is a numeric scale used by mental hea...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100): ['verwaltungsgemeinschaft', 'thuringia', 'seat', 'germany', 'spurway', 'collective']
     Keywords (300): ['germany', 'verwaltungsgemeinschaft', 'hibernicae', 'mountain', 'prelates', 'ecclesiae']
	 Concept:        Place names and geographical features.
	 Concept (val):  Various Locations and Individuals 

	 Extreme Articles:
Mahamudra (Sanskrit: mhaamudraa, , contraction of ) literally means "great seal" o...
Saale-Unstrut is a region (Anbaugebiet) for quality wine in Germany,Wein.de (Germa...
The Kom al-Ahmar Necropolis is a necropolis in the southern area of Nekhen, Egypt....
Menippus of Stratonikeia ( Menippos o Stratonikevs, lived 1st century BC), surname...
Attidius ([1st century BC), possibly to be identified with Marcus Atilius Bulbus, ...
Homoeocera georginas is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It is known only for a ...
Pristimantis educatoris is a species of frog in the family Strabomantidae. It is f...
Vishnuprayag is the confluence of India's Alaknanda and Dhauliganga rivers--the fi...
Eichholzkopf is a mountain of Hesse, Germany. At an elevation of 610m, its peak is...
Rossert is a mountain of the Taunus, part of the Anterior Taunus, in Hesse, German...
