
NODE / DIMENSION  410 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['sentence', 'clause', 'epanalepsis', 'paradiastole', 'batmanisvili', 'time']
	 Keywords (300):  ['time', 'memory', 'date', 'reading', 'site', 'sentence']
	 Concept:         Information Processing and Communication.
	 Concept (val):   Memory and cognition. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 In telecommunications and fiber optics, ovality or noncircularity is the degree ...
	 In telecommunications, round-trip delay (RTD) or round-trip time (RTT) is the am...
	 A timeline is a display of a list of events in chronological order. It is typica...
	 Time immemorial () is a phrase meaning time extending beyond the reach of memory...
	 Skywarn (sometimes stylized as SKYWARN) is a program of the National Weather Ser...
	 The National Security Strategy (NSS) is a document prepared periodically by the ...
	 Filter design is the process of designing a signal processing filter that satisf...
	 In computer science, compile time (or compile-time) describes the time window du...
	 Moore's paradox concerns the apparent absurdity involved in asserting a first-pe...
	 Legal instrument is a legal term of art that is used for any formally executed w...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['baronetage', 'baronetcies', 'persons', 'surname', 'created', 'kingdom']
	 Keywords (300): ['baronetage', 'baronetcies', 'persons', 'surname', 'creations', 'created']
	 Concept:        Groups and associations.
	 Concept (val):  Surname-based Baronetcies. 

	 Extreme Articles:
An all-star team is a group of people all having a high level of performance in th...
Devots (, Devout) was the name given in France to a group, active in both politics...
Tabaldak is the androgynous creator among the Abenaki and Algonquian people of nor...
The Soghain were a people of ancient Ireland. The 17th-century scholar Dubhaltach ...
Hypermastigia (hypermastigids) within microbiology, is the name used for a group o...
Hakimpura is a small village in Charthaval block in India, having a population of ...
There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Walsh, one in...
There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Lennard, one ...
There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Macdonnell, o...
Under a variety of names and within a number of organizations over at least 17 yea...
