
NODE / DIMENSION  54 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['football', 'music', 'drugs', 'administers', 'country', 'national']
	 Keywords (300):  ['football', 'music', 'national', 'administers', 'drug', 'country']
	 Concept:         Music
	 Concept (val):   Diversity 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 A hotel is an establishment that provides paid lodging on a short-term basis. Fa...
	 A land lab is an area of land that has been set aside for use in biological stud...
	 In Spain, music has a long history. It has played an important role in the devel...
	 A football is a ball inflated with air that is used to play one of the various s...
	 A singer-songwriter is a musician who writes, composes, and performs their own m...
	 Zimbabwean music is heavily reliant on the use of instruments such as the mbira,...
	 Document Schema Definition Languages (DSDL) is a framework within which multiple...
	 The Macedonian music refers to all forms of music associated with ethnic Macedon...
	 The music of Angola (Dimba dya N'gola) has been shaped both by wider musical tre...
	 Korenizatsiia (; ...}}) was an early policy of the Soviet Union] for the integra...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100): ['erythrorhizos', 'kallia', 'controversiis', 'thaumatoneuridae', 'jigten', 'disputationes']
	 Keywords (300): ['trebula', 'species', 'family', 'genera', 'spittlebug', 'hyphomicrobium']
	 Concept:        Classification
	 Concept (val):  Species Classification 

	 Extreme Articles:
In drama, a protasis is the introductory part of a play, usually its first act. Th...
Thaumatoneuridae is a family of damselflies in the order Odonata. There are at lea...
Waja (also known as Nyan Wiyau, Wiyaa, or Wuya) is a Savannas language of eastern ...
Polonoceras is a genus included in the goniatitid subfamily Aulatornoceratinae nam...
Hyphomicrobium coagulans is a Gram-negative, non-spore-forming, methylotrophic bac...
Pseudorhabdosynochus manifestus is a diplectanid monogenean parasite first found i...
Rubus multifer is a North American species of dewberry in section Procumbentes of ...
Nicoletia is a genus of silverfish in the family Nicoletiidae.IRMNG: Anelpistina S...
Tamunodouye, or Douye, is a Nigerian unisex given name, which originates from Ijaw...
Methylobacterium marchantiae  is a facultatively methylotrophic facultative methyl...
