
NODE / DIMENSION  187 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['drug', 'drugs', 'tma', 'designer', 'drink', 'sold']
	 Keywords (300):  ['drug', 'drugs', 'alcohol', 'used', 'drink', 'alcoholic']
	 Concept:         Pharmacology.
	 Concept (val):   Beverages. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Beer is one of the oldest types of alcoholic drinks in the world, and the most w...
	 "Truth serum" is a colloquial name for any of a range of psychoactive drugs used...
	 The following is a timeline of Solar System astronomy and science. It includes t...
	 Paregoric, or camphorated tincture of opium, also known as tinctura opii camphor...
	 Immunosuppressive drugs, also known as immunosuppressive agents, immunosuppressa...
	 An autoinjector (or auto-injector) is a medical device designed to deliver a dos...
	 Marquis reagent is used as a simple spot-test to presumptively identify alkaloid...
	 "Half and half" is the name of various beverages and foods made of an equal-part...
	 In pharmacology and toxicology, a route of administration is the way by which a ...
	 Wacholder is a juniper-flavored distilled beverage and a regional variety of gin...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['software', 'globalvia', 'computing', 'files', 'file', 'computer']
	 Keywords (300): ['computers', 'computer', 'software', 'file', 'pdp', 'windows']
	 Concept:        Computer Science and Technology.
	 Concept (val):  Technology advancements 

	 Extreme Articles:
Crippleware has been defined in realms of both computer software and hardware. In ...
Fuzzball routers were the first modern routers on the Internet. They were DEC PDP-...
In computing, end-of-file (EOF) is a condition in a computer operating system wher...
In computer science, multiple buffering is the use of more than one buffer to hold...
Phosphatization, or phosphatic fossilization, refers to the process of fossilizati...
CoolWebSearch (also known as CoolWWWSearch or abbreviated as CWS) is a spyware or ...
UUHash is a hash algorithm employed by clients on the FastTrack network. It is emp...
In computing, native software or data-formats are those that were designed to run ...
An uninstaller, also called a deinstaller, is a variety of utility software design...
Cabir (also known as Caribe, SybmOS/Cabir, Symbian/Cabir and EPOC.cabir) is the na...
