
NODE / DIMENSION  130 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['river', 'film', 'directed', 'situated', 'ugawood', 'pleasley']
	 Keywords (300):  ['river', 'film', 'west', 'directed', 'south', 'situated']
	 Concept:         Film-related content
         Concept (val):   The concept label that best represents the shared nature of these articles
is "Place names and their significance."
	 Extreme Articles:
	 Social guidance films constitute a genre of educational films attempting to guid...
	 Broadview Creek is a stream in the Broadview neighborhood of Seattle, Washington...
	 Fort Tenedos was a large earth-walled fort constructed on the Zulu side of the T...
	 Rated R refers to movies (and also to TV shows and video games in certain system...
	 The Otaki River is in the southwestern North Island of New Zealand. It originate...
	 Ferryhill Station is situated to the south east of Ferryhill, next to Chilton La...
	 A film distributor is responsible for the marketing of a film. The distribution ...
	 Just One Time is a 1999 feature length comedy film, written and directed by Lane...
	 ICI TOU.TV is a French Canadian, video-on-demand website launched on January 26,...
	 Afon Llafar is a river in the Carneddau, Snowdonia. It rises where many streams ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['family', 'genus', 'argia', 'coenagrionidae', 'acrocnida', 'species']
	 Keywords (300): ['genus', 'family', 'species', 'monotypic', 'fungi', 'containing']
	 Concept:        Media and Culture.
	 Concept (val):  Notable figures or entities in various fields. 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Percolozoa are a group of colourless, non-photosynthetic Excavata, including m...
Tidens Krav (TK) English: The Time's Demands is a local newspaper published in Kri...
Congleton was, from 1974 to 2009, a local government district with borough status ...
Pieksamaen maalaiskunta is a former municipality of Finland. On January 1, 2004 it...
Picture Post was a photojournalistic magazine published in the United Kingdom from...
The Merode Altarpiece (or Annunciation Triptych) is an oil on oak panel triptych, ...
Veckans Vimmel is a weekly magazine published in Sweden. It was a celebrity-orient...
The common toadfish (Tetractenos hamiltoni), also known as the common toado, toadf...
Rhopalogaster is a genus of secotioid basidiomycetes. The genus is monotypic, and ...
Self-Portrait is an oil-on-canvas painting by the Italian painter Titian. Dating t...
