
NODE / DIMENSION  244 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['sexual', 'sex', 'intercourse', 'male', 'trampling', 'women']
	 Keywords (300):  ['sexual', 'sex', 'sexuality', 'gender', 'reproductive', 'hogye']
	 Concept:         Sexuality.
	 Concept (val):   Human sexuality. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The Communications Decency Act of 1996 (CDA) was the United States Congress's fi...
	 A bedroom farce or sex farce is a type of light comedy focusing on the sexual pa...
	 In human sexuality, a sex life is a sector of a person's day-to-day existence wh...
	 Heterosexism is a system of attitudes, bias, and discrimination in favor of fema...
	 Dyspareunia ( ) is painful sexual intercourse due to medical or psychological ca...
	 Hypogonadism means diminished functional activity of the gonads--the testes or t...
	 The Homosexual Law Reform Society was an organisation that campaigned in the Uni...
	 Philosophy in the Boudoir () is a 1795 book by the Marquis de Sade written in th...
	 Somnophilia (from Latin somnus "sleep" and Greek philia, -philia "friendship") i...
	 Blueboy was a gay men's magazine with lifestyle and entertainment news, in addit...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['whist', 'clypeus', 'goms', 'quebracho', 'personality', 'hat']
	 Keywords (300): ['vallotti', 'person', 'information', 'elements', 'family', 'cognitive']
     Concept:        "Specialized Skills and Characteristics".
     Concept (val):  Labels: Construct Validity, Jobsworth, Hypophosphatemia, The First Tractor, Traffic Stop, Widmanstatten Patterns, Exclusivism, Standard License Plates, POW, Nelson Rules
	 
	 Extreme Articles:
A grace note is a kind of music notation denoting several kinds of musical ornamen...
Macrocephaly is a condition in which circumference of the human head is abnormally...
Brachycephaly (derived from the Ancient Greek ['short' and kephale], 'head') is th...
An awkward squad is a group of individuals, normally within an existing organisati...
The nasal bones are two small oblong bones, varying in size and form in different ...
A time capsule is a historic cache of goods or information, usually intended as a ...
Rescue comprises responsive operations that usually involve the saving of life, or...
A triskelion or triskeles is an ancient motif consisting of a triple spiral exhibi...
Tightrope walking, also called funambulism, is the skill of walking along a thin w...
A countermeasure is a measure or action taken to counter or offset another one. As...
