
NODE / DIMENSION  167 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['fliers', 'rang', 'verton', 'crannog', 'buldana', 'dhamangaon']
	 Keywords (300):  ['dun', 'located', 'hurwenen', 'llechwedd', 'near', 'aubagne']
	 Concept:         Geographical locations.
	 Concept (val):   Geographical locations. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Dun an Achaidh, sometimes Anglicised as Dun Acha, is a dun located near the vill...
	 Andreebukta is a bay at the southeastern side of Kongsoya in Kong Karls Land, Sv...
	 Elveflya (The River Plain) is a coastal plain in Wedel Jarlsberg Land at Spitsbe...
	 Slaklidalen is a valley in Sorkapp Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It has a lengt...
	 The Kil Hurwenen, or De Kil as locals call it, is a nature reserve in the floodp...
	 Periyaoor(Periya-oor) was a famous place during the age of Ay Kingdom and is loc...
	 Jabal Maomah(jbl mwm@  ) is a mountain of the As-Sarawat ranges in the 'Asir Reg...
	 Foxhall Newydd is a Grade I listed country house, roughly  to the southeast of H...
	 Tistedalen is a part of Halden in Ostfold, Norway. Originally located four kilom...
	 The KwaZulu-Natal midlands is an inland area of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa that...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['xorides', 'quinazoline', 'pavetta', 'desmin', 'alkaloids', 'splicing']
	 Keywords (300): ['species', 'series', 'xorides', 'book', 'protein', 'dna']
     Concept:        Diverse Topics.
	 Concept (val):  Informational publications. 

	 Extreme Articles:
SOGEPA (Societe de Gestion de Participations Aeronautiques) is a French holding co...
Serdar Argic () was the alias used in one of the first automated newsgroup spam in...
A Maxwell material is the most simple model viscoelastic material showing properti...
Gleek is a fictional character appearing in the animated series Super Friends and ...
Warrior was a British comics anthology that ran for 26 issues between March 1982 a...
The anti-twister or antitwister mechanism is a method of connecting a flexible lin...
Echolalia is the unsolicited repetition of vocalizations made by another person (w...
Showcase is a comic anthology series published by DC Comics. The general theme of ...
Thanatophoric dysplasia is a severe skeletal disorder characterized by a dispropor...
See also SR LEGACY data for yeast (active dry #1103594) for an idea about pre-fort...
