
NODE / DIMENSION  57 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['information', 'zrecki', 'leuca', 'articles', 'description', 'pharmacognosy']
	 Keywords (300):  ['information', 'data', 'systems', 'standard', 'journal', 'puca']
	 Concept:         Information
	 Concept (val):   Information Technology. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Open systems architecture is a system design approach which aims to produce syst...
	 Wide Area Information Server (WAIS) is a client-server text searching system tha...
	 A cognitive bias is a systematic pattern of deviation from norm or rationality i...
	 Disinformation is false information deliberately spread to deceive people. It sh...
	 Plain language is writing designed to ensure the reader understands as quickly, ...
	 Disinflation is a decrease in the rate of inflation - a slowdown in the rate of ...
	 Data modeling in software engineering is the process of creating a data model fo...
	 Amszynski, Bagocki, Bakalarowicz, Bandrowski, Bar (ennoblement 1593), Baranowski...
	 The Open Systems Interconnection protocols are a family of information exchange ...
	 In game theory, cheap talk is communication between players that does not direct...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['mukta', 'lilaion', 'donchian', 'limera', 'epidaurus', 'tumulus']
	 Keywords (300): ['dustdevils', 'corcoracidae', 'struthideidae', 'bc', 'limera', 'leucae']
	 Concept:        The shared concept label for these articles is "diverse subjects."
	 Concept (val):  Historical Figures 

	 Extreme Articles:
Corcoracidae is a family of passerine birds known as the Australian mudnesters. Th...
The Caecilii Metelli were one of the most important families of the late Roman Rep...
The essive-modal case is a case in the Hungarian language that expresses either th...
Nicholas Hill (also Nichaolas Hyll, Montanus or van de bergh) was a native of the ...
Gales from between north-north-east and east-north-east are the most important gal...
Arthania ( 'Artaniya, , , ) was one of the three states of the Rus or Saqaliba (ea...
The English Protestant cleric John Foxe of the 16th century, known primarily if so...
The gens Faucia was a Roman family at Arpinum.  It is known chiefly from a single ...
Duga (Duga, ; meaning Rainbow in English) was a high circulation Yugoslav and Serb...
Erla Hafstein Stefansdottir (6 September 1935 - 5 October 2015) was an Icelandic p...
