
NODE / DIMENSION  406 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['microsoft', 'family', 'windows', 'georgia', 'ubercode', 'holomelina']
	 Keywords (300):  ['family', 'microsoft', 'georgia', 'windows', 'genus', 'turkey']
	 Concept:         Birds
	 Concept (val):   Terminology 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Carinatae is the group of all birds and their extinct relatives to possess a kee...
	 Transport in Papua New Guinea is mainly based around roads (the vast majority of...
	 The swifts are a family, Apodidae, of highly aerial birds. They are superficiall...
	 Treeswifts or crested swifts are a family, the Hemiprocnidae, of aerial near pas...
	 A towhee is any one of a number of species of birds in the genus Pipilo or Meloz...
	 In the psychology of self, one's self-concept (also called self-construction, se...
	 Caracaras are birds of prey in the family Falconidae. They are traditionally pla...
	 The Diocese of Sodor and Man is a diocese of the Church of England. Originally m...
	 Billionaires for Bush was a culture jamming political street theater organizatio...
	 Video for Windows was a suite of video-playing and editing software introduced b...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['subdistrict', 'province', 'village', 'road', 'district', 'china']
	 Keywords (300): ['province', 'municipality', 'district', 'village', 'subdistrict', 'town']
	 Concept:        Miscellaneous.
	 Concept (val):  Geographic locations. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In electrical engineering, impedance is the opposition to alternating current pres...
Shenley is an area of Buckinghamshire consisting of the villages and areas Shenley...
Electrification is the process of powering by electricity and, in many contexts, t...
Batouala is a small village in Gabon halfway along the dirt road from Makokou to M...
Fuxingmen () is the name of a gate that used to be a part of Beijing's old city wa...
Purlieu is a term used of the outlying parts of a place or district. It was a term...
Carleton--Mississippi Mills (formerly known as Lanark--Carleton and Carleton--Lana...
Shanlian () is a small town located in northern Zhejiang province in China, in the...
Spindle turning, or turning between centers, is a woodturning method referring to ...
Kylmalankyla is one of the longest villages in Finland, spanning 25 kilometers. It...
