
NODE / DIMENSION  277 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['law', 'security', 'trust', 'scssi', 'profit', 'society']
	 Keywords (300):  ['law', 'trust', 'use', 'trusts', 'legal', 'people']
	 Concept:         Knowledge Building
	 Concept (val):   Law and Regulation. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Openlaw is a project at the Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society at Harva...
	 An outlaw, in its original and legal meaning, is a person declared as outside th...
	 Open Mind Common Sense (OMCS) is an artificial intelligence project based at the...
	 The title keeper of the seals or equivalent is used in several contexts, denotin...
	 MQV (Menezes-Qu-Vanstone) is an authenticated protocol for key agreement based o...
	 The look-through approach is a conflict of laws rule applied to the proprietary ...
	 Use, as a term in the property law of common law countries, amounts to a recogni...
	 Estoppel in English law is a doctrine that may be used in certain situations to ...
	 The case method is a teaching approach that uses decision-forcing cases to put s...
	 Thuvayal Thavam, an act of ritual washing of one's physique and clothes along wi...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100): ['cheilostomatida', 'bilaminar', 'encrusting', 'governorate', 'bryozoan', 'cutaneous']
	 Keywords (300): ['governorate', 'uezd', 'subdivisions', 'uyezd', 'situated', 'empire']
	 Concept:        Diverse Subjects
	 Concept (val):  Diverse historical and scientific topics. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In linguistics, an object is any of several types of arguments.For descriptions of...
Chautauqua ( ) is an adult education and social movement in the United States that...
Membraniporidae is a bryozoan family in the order Cheilostomatida. Membranipora fo...
Neoromanticism in music is a return (at any of several points in the nineteenth or...
The valona is a popular narrative song- and poetry-form of the Mexican state of Mi...
Perry's Lookdown is situated on the edge of the Grose Valley in the Blue Mountains...
Recrudescence is the recurrence of an undesirable condition. In medicine, it is us...
Waldegrave  is the name of an English family, said to derive from Walgrave in Nort...
Selamsiz is a quarter in Uskudar district on the Asian side of Istanbul, Turkey. I...
Caladium lindenii 'Magnificum' is a cultivar of the species Caladium lindenii. It ...
