
NODE / DIMENSION  145 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100):  ['chandrasekhar', 'subrahmanyan', 'earth', 'astrophysicist', 'research', 'science']
	 Keywords (300):  ['earth', 'science', 'sciences', 'research', 'history', 'journal']
	 Concept:         Knowledge and research.
	 Concept (val):   Knowledge and Uncertainty. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 A gyrocompass is a type of non-magnetic compass which is based on a fast-spinnin...
	 The epicenter (), epicentre, or epicentrumOxford English Dictionary: "The point ...
	 In the fields of Big Bang theory and cosmology, reionization is the process that...
	 The Climatic Research Unit (CRU) is a component of the University of East Anglia...
	 Apocalypticism is the religious belief that the end of the world is imminent, ev...
	 An academic history can be a large, multivolume work such as the Cambridge Moder...
	 The Sender Bielstein (Transmitter Bielstein) is an FM- and TV-broadcasting facil...
	 Publications Mathematiques de l'IHES is a peer-reviewed mathematical journal. It...
	 David S. Touretzky is a research professor in the Computer Science Department an...
	 The Centre for the History of Science, Technology and Medicine (CHoSTM) is an ac...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['laws', 'ziyambi', 'gnahouret', 'legal', 'court', 'herefordshire']
	 Keywords (300): ['law', 'legal', 'laws', 'rentcharge', 'complied', 'bagram']
	 Concept:        Law and legislation.
	 Concept (val):  Law 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Force Bill, formally titled "An Act further to provide for the collection of d...
An edict is a decree or announcement of a law, often associated with monarchism, b...
Administrative and territorial division of the Republic of Bashkortostan is regula...
The current Constitution of the State of Maryland, which was ratified by the peopl...
On January 15, 2010, the Department of Defense complied with a court order and pub...
On January 15, 2010, the Department of Defense complied with a court order and pub...
In the law of the United States, the mere evidence rule was a historical doctrine ...
Impropriation, a term from English ecclesiastical law, was the destination of the ...
In law, a prerogative is an exclusive right bestowed by a government or state and ...
The pre-existing duty rule is an aspect of consideration within the law of contrac...
