
NODE / DIMENSION  171 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['newspaper', 'staats', 'testpac', 'gazanging', 'patraikes', 'kyosu']
	 Keywords (300):  ['philatelists', 'newspaper', 'published', 'distinguished', 'roll', 'news']
	 Concept:         Publication Information
	 Concept (val):   Publications. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The Non-Manufacturing ISM Report on Business is a purchasing survey of the Unite...
	 such as Richie Unterberger, who further writes: "The exact date [of release] rem...
	 Dao Pra Sook (; ; literally: Venus) is a Thai lakorn which has been remade sever...
	 A Laodicean; or, The Castle of the De Stancys. A Story of To-Day is a novel by T...
	 Guides on the Air (GOTA), also known as Thinking Day on the Air (TDOTA), is an e...
	 Exepose is the official student-run newspaper of the University of Exeter.Univer...
	 Inocybe coelestium is a member of the genus Inocybe which is widely distributed ...
	 The American Journal of Semiotics is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering s...
	 "Have with You to Saffron-Walden, or, Gabriell Harveys Hunt Is Up" is the title ...
	 Morzhovoi (also known as Morzhovia, New or Old Morzhovoi, Protassof, or Selo Mor...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['ability', 'engine', 'design', 'foreign', 'used', 'energy']
	 Keywords (300): ['used', 'design', 'foreign', 'carnitine', 'process', 'high']
	 Concept:        Human behavior and cultural diversity.
	 Concept (val):  Technology 

	 Extreme Articles:
Transport in Ghana is accomplished by road, rail, air and water. Ghana's transport...
Paraphilia is the experience of recurring or intense sexual arousal to atypical ob...
Recreation is an activity of leisure, leisure being discretionary time. The "need ...
Psychosomatic medicine is an interdisciplinary medical field exploring the relatio...
The culture of the Netherlands is diverse, reflecting regional differences as well...
Ocean Thermal Energy Conversion (OTEC) uses the ocean thermal gradient between coo...
Energy-efficient landscaping is a type of landscaping designed for the purpose of ...
The culture of France has been shaped by geography, by historical events, and by f...
An aerophone () is a musical instrument that produces sound primarily by causing a...
Brugada syndrome (BrS) is a genetic disorder in which the electrical activity of t...
