
NODE / DIMENSION  2 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['family', 'gelechiidae', 'primorsky', 'krai', 'acanthophila', 'moth']
     Keywords (300):  ['family', 'species', 'subfamily', 'methylobacterium', 'zellkulturen', 'mikroorganismen']
	 Concept:         Biodiversity.
	 Concept (val):   Nature 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The Kremmener Luch is a shallow fen, known locally as a luch, between the Glien ...
	 Cryptinae is a subfamily of wasps in the family Ichneumonidae. The family has al...
	 The Phryni () were an ancient people of eastern Central Asia, probably located i...
	 Sharemilking, a form of sharefarming, operates in the dairy industry. The applic...
	 Cucullia santonici is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It was traditionally found...
	 Tipula nubeculosa is a species of cranefly. It is widespread throughout the Pala...
	 Crocidosema is a genus of tortrix moths (family Tortricidae) belonging to the tr...
	 Epiblema is a very large genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae...
	 Heterocampa is a genus of prominent moths in the family Notodontidae. There are ...
	 Thestor vansoni, the Van Son's skolly, is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae. ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['value', 'mathematics', 'unimodality', 'annuitant', 'values', 'peccot']
	 Keywords (300): ['mathematics', 'set', 'studentsprof', 'treynor', 'problem', 'number']
	 Concept:        Mathematical concepts.
	 Concept (val):  Mathematics and its applications. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In mathematics, the harmonic mean is one of several kinds of average, and in parti...
Standard of living is the level of income, comforts and services available, genera...
A commitment scheme is a cryptographic primitive that allows one to commit to a ch...
A back-of-the-envelope calculation is a rough calculation, typically jotted down o...
The Treynor reward to volatility model (sometimes called the reward-to-volatility ...
In statistics, and particularly in econometrics, the reduced form of a system of e...
In mathematics, unimodality means possessing a unique mode. More generally, unimod...
In mathematics, a superabundant number (sometimes abbreviated as SA) is a certain ...
Education in Portugal is free and compulsory until the age of 18, when students us...
In mathematics, a colored matroid is a matroid whose elements are labeled from a s...
