
NODE / DIMENSION  260 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['lord', 'lieutenant', 'military', 'army', 'lieutenants', 'rotulorum']
	 Keywords (300):  ['lieutenant', 'army', 'lord', 'military', 'served', 'lieutenants']
	 Concept:         Military and administrative roles.
         Concept (val):   Titles of military and governmental positions in various regions and time
periods.
	 Extreme Articles:
	 Baron Kilmaine is a title that has been created twice, both times in the Peerage...
	 The Westland Lysander is a British army co-operation and liaison aircraft produc...
	 In the United States's military, leave is permission to be away from one's unit ...
	 A billet is a living-quarters to which a soldier is assigned to sleep. Historica...
	 A cadre (, , ) is the complement of commissioned officers and non-commissioned o...
	 XXV Corps was a corps of the Union Army during the American Civil War.  It was u...
	 An Aufklarungsabteilung ("reconnaissance detachment") was an Abteilung (battalio...
	 This is a list of people who have served as Lord Lieutenant of Derbyshire. Since...
	 This is a list of people who served as Lord Lieutenant of Merionethshire. After ...
	 This is a list of people who have served as Lord Lieutenant of Leicestershire. S...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['family', 'species', 'congo', 'iran', 'youth', 'butterfly']
	 Keywords (300): ['event', 'family', 'species', 'summer', '2012', 'iran']
	 Concept:        Recognition.
	 Concept (val):  Diverse Concepts. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In United States law, ripeness refers to the readiness of a case for litigation; "...
Peronism,}} also called justicialism,. The Justicialist Party is the main Peronist...
Utility cycling encompasses any cycling done simply as a means of transport rather...
The Ho-Am Prize in Mass Communication was an annual award in South Korea. It was g...
Oppression is malicious or unjust treatment of, or exercise of power over, a group...
Battle of the Year, commonly referred to as BOTY, is an annual international break...
The Prize for a Series is one of the prizes awarded by the Angouleme International...
Pulsed power is the science and technology of accumulating energy over a relativel...
The Mayor's Award for Excellence in Science and Technology is given annually to re...
KelKel is a youth movement in Kyrgyzstan that gained some prominence during the Tu...
