
NODE / DIMENSION  243 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['hexosaminidase', 'gens', 'acetyl', 'vakarel', 'ostracon', 'scutari']
	 Keywords (300):  ['gens', 'obscure', 'inscriptions', 'plebeian', 'ancient', 'mentioned']
	 Concept:         Information.
     Concept (val):   "Specialized knowledge or expertise in a specific field or domain."

	 Extreme Articles:
	 A profession is a field of work that has been successfully professionalized. It ...
	 Ahlab (- fatness), a town of Asher lying within the unconquered Phoenician borde...
	 Scouting in Delaware has a long history, from the 1910s to the present day, serv...
	 Eurobarometer is a series of public opinion surveys conducted regularly on behal...
	 Jamboree on the Internet, known by its acronym JOTI, is an international Scoutin...
	 A glittering generality or glowing generality is an emotionally appealing phrase...
	 The Control of Communicable Diseases Manual (CCDM) is one of the most widely rec...
	 Paradroid is a Commodore 64 computer game written by Andrew Braybrook and publis...
	 Audience analysis is a task that is often performed by technical writers in a pr...
	 HIRLAM, the High Resolution Limited Area Model, is a Numerical Weather Predictio...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['baronetage', 'baronetcies', 'extant', 'created', 'creations', 'kingdom']
     Keywords (300): ['baronetage', 'baronetcies', 'harungana', 'metanephric', 'extant', 'hermaphroditism']
	 Concept:        Multiple Types
	 Concept (val):  Taxonomy. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Polytonality (also polyharmony) is the musical use of more than one key simultaneo...
Trangsund () is a part of Huddinge to the south of Stockholm located between the t...
Sequential hermaphroditism (called dichogamy in botany) is one of the two types of...
Generides or Generydes is an English verse romance, originating in the English Mid...
There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Greene, one i...
There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Simpson, both...
Gasoyane are two small islands off Bunsow Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. They are ...
There have been two baronetcies created for members of the Orr-Ewing family, both ...
Kilwinnet is the name of two Scottish landed estates, one in Stirlingshire dating ...
The metanephrogenic blastema or metanephric blastema (or metanephric mesenchyme, o...
