
NODE / DIMENSION  373 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['family', 'plant', 'plants', 'species', 'genera', 'flowering']
	 Keywords (300):  ['plant', 'family', 'plants', 'flowering', 'species', 'genus']
	 Concept:         Plants.
	 Concept (val):   Plant and animal taxonomy. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Peperomia is one of the two large genera of the family Piperaceae. It is estimat...
	 Agavoideae is a subfamily of monocot flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae...
	 Platysteiridae is a family of small, stout passerine birds of the African tropic...
	 Brodiaeoideae are a monocot subfamily of flowering plants in the family Asparaga...
	 Spathodea is a genus in the plant family Bignoniaceae. The single species it con...
	 Tribulus terrestris is an annual plant in the caltrop family (Zygophyllaceae) wi...
	 Pteropsida is a subdivision of vascular plants that is no longer in use. It incl...
	 Scrophularia ningpoensis, commonly known as the Ningpo figwort or Chinese figwor...
	 Mercedes-Benz World is a facility open to the public at the historic Brooklands ...
	 A tumbleweed is a structural part of the above-ground anatomy of a number of spe...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['ancient', 'town', 'stadia', 'periplus', 'thessaly', 'west']
	 Keywords (300): ['town', 'ancient', 'stadia', 'near', 'gulf', 'situated']
	 Concept:        Exploration
	 Concept (val):  Ancient Civilizations 

	 Extreme Articles:
. The portrait of Raphael is probably "a later adaptation of the one likeness whic...
A Morton's fork is a type of false dilemma in which contradictory observations lea...
John Scolvus or John of Kolno may have been a navigator of the late 15th century. ...
Lanercost Priory was founded by Robert de Vaux between 1165 and 1174, the most lik...
AbioCor  was a total artificial heart (TAH) developed by the Massachusetts-based c...
The Battle of Wippedesfleot was a battle in 466 between the Anglo-Saxons (or Jutes...
Yakubu was ruler of the Hausa city-state of Gobir (in what is now northern Nigeria...
The , which is Japanese for "falcon-people",William George Aston says this in his ...
The Casamance River (French: Fleuve Casamance) flows westward for the most part in...
The American Congress on Surveying and Mapping (ACSM) was an American professional...
