
NODE / DIMENSION  75 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['aristotle', 'list', 'published', 'data', 'august', 'date']
	 Keywords (300):  ['journal', 'peer', 'reviewed', 'data', 'published', 'academic']
	 Concept:         Information
	 Concept (val):   Information 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Andronicoos of Rhodes (; ; }}) was a Greek philosopher from Rhodes who was also ...
	 In electronics, the figures of merit of an amplifier are numerical measures that...
	 A manifesto is a published declaration of the intentions, motives, or views of t...
	 In telecommunication and data storage, Manchester code (also known as phase enco...
	 To take something with a "grain of salt" or "pinch of salt" is an English idiom ...
	 The Herfindahl index (also known as Herfindahl-Hirschman Index, HHI, or sometime...
	 Sunrise (or sunup) is the moment when the upper rim of the Sun appears on the ho...
	 In computer science, a set is an abstract data type that can store unique values...
	 Sibilants are fricative consonants of higher amplitude and pitch, made by direct...
	 Richard Dahm (often credited as Rich Dahm) is an Emmy-winning American comedy wr...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['butterfly', 'question', 'savela', 'cirrochroa', 'usambara', 'markku']
	 Keywords (300): ['savela', 'athyma', 'markku', 'lepidoptera', 'butterfly', 'pseudochazara']
     Concept:        Various geographical regions, ancient gods, historical figures, organizations, and species comprise a broad theme.
	 Concept (val):  Nature 

	 Extreme Articles:
Samnium () is a Latin exonym for a region of Southern Italy anciently inhabited by...
In ancient Rome, a promagistrate () was a person who was granted the power via pro...
Sarruma, also romanized as Sarrumma or Sharruma, was a Hurrian god. He could be de...
Shankill Castle and Gardens is set in parkland near Paulstown on the Carlow/Kilken...
Allsteel was founded in 1912 as Allsteelequip Company and started out manufacturin...
Reptin is a tumor repressor protein that is a member of the ATPases Associated wit...
Elachista quadripunctella is a moth of the family Elachistidae. It is found from S...
Morpho catenarius is a Neotropical butterfly belonging to the subfamily Morphinae ...
Platylobium rotundum   is a  shrub species that is endemic to Victoria, Australia....
Pilodeudorix rodgersi is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Tanz...
