
NODE / DIMENSION  59 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100):  ['defensor', 'subfamily', 'aegialiinae', 'homolobinae', 'selbstandiger', 'krosspynten']
	 Keywords (300):  ['anklamer', 'wijdefjorden', 'spitsbergen', 'headland', 'subfamily', 'torfmoor']
	 Concept:         Scientific Classification.
	 Concept (val):   Miscellaneous 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Austroptyctodus gardineri is a small ptyctodontid placoderm fish from the Upper ...
	 Planitornoceras is a genus included in the goniatitid subfamily Aulatornoceratin...
	 The Polyptych of Irminon, also known as the Polyptych of Saint-Germain, is an in...
	 Austfjordnes is a headland located in Austfjorden, the inner eastern branch of W...
	 Krosspynten is a headland at the western side of Wijdefjorden in Andree Land at ...
	 Fisneset (Fart Headland) is a headland in Sorkapp Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard....
	 Aegialiinae is a small subfamily of the family Scarabaeidae (scarab beetles).Aeg...
	 Mecynoceras is a genus of Late Devonian oncocerids included in the Poteriocerati...
	 Aleiodes coxalis is a species of parasitoid wasp belonging to the family Braconi...
	 Haurania is a genus of elongated, finely agglutinated benthic foraminifera inclu...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['ancient', 'grenadians', 'barisone', 'sjoberg', 'refer', 'hu']
	 Keywords (300): ['ancient', 'refer', 'germa', 'surname', 'town', 'wak']
	 Concept:        Abstract terms
	 Concept (val):  Miscellaneous 

	 Extreme Articles:
In the history of Christianity, docetism (from the  dokein "to seem", dokesis "app...
A picosecond (abbreviated as ps) is a unit of time in the International System of ...
These are lists of the chartered cities or stader and the historical districts or ...
Credo Reference or Credo (formerly Xrefer) is an American company that offers onli...
Calyx or calyce (plural "calyces"), from the Latin calix which itself comes from t...
In mathematics, the prime-counting function is the function counting the number of...
A decal (, ,  )  or transfer is a plastic, cloth, paper, or ceramic substrate that...
TsesarevichSometimes transliterated as Cesarevich or Caesarevich (, ) was the titl...
Psychrophiles or cryophiles (adj. psychrophilic or cryophilic) are extremophilic o...
A candidate, or nominee, is the prospective recipient of an award or honor, or a p...
