
NODE / DIMENSION  208 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100):  ['species', 'leucopsila', 'stylifera', 'echelatus', 'synaptiphilidae', 'nesoselandria']
     Keywords (300):  ['diplectanid', 'pseudorhabdosynochus', 'monogenean', 'gills', 'parasitic', 'euzet']
	 Concept:         Biodiversity
	 Concept (val):   Parasitic organisms. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Linderiella is a genus of fairy shrimp, previously placed in its own family, Lin...
	 Phyllocnistis aurilinea is a moth of the family Gracillariidae, known from Colom...
	 Alcidion inornatum is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. I...
	 Phytomyza horticola is a species of leaf-mining fly in the family Agromyzidae of...
	 Lophocolea heterophylla, the variable-leaved crestwort, is a liverwort species b...
	 Pseudorhabdosynochus cuitoe is a diplectanid monogenean parasitic on the gills o...
	 Pseudorhabdosynochus duitoe is a diplectanid monogenean parasitic on the gills o...
	 Pseudorhabdosynochus euitoe is a diplectanid monogenean parasitic on the gills o...
	 Pseudorhabdosynochus guitoe is a diplectanid monogenean parasitic on the gills o...
	 Bactrognathus is an extinct genus of conodonts in the family Bactrognathidae.Phy...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['philatelists', 'roll', 'distinguished', 'military', '2011', 'archived']
	 Keywords (300): ['philatelists', 'military', 'roll', 'distinguished', 'war', '2011']
	 Concept:        Artifacts or objects.
	 Concept (val):  Diversity. 

	 Extreme Articles:
A kistvaen or cistvaen is a tomb or burial chamber formed from flat stone slabs in...
Lutetium is a chemical element with the symbol Lu and atomic number 71. It is a si...
Remembrance of the Dead  () is held annually on May 4 in the Netherlands. It comme...
An hors d'oeuvre ( ;  ), appetiser or starter is a small dish served before a meal...
Pemmican (also pemican in older sources) is a mixture of tallow, dried meat, and s...
Separation from a healthcare facility occurs anytime a patient (or resident) leave...
A skyway, skybridge, skywalk, or sky walkway is an elevated type of pedway connect...
A causeway is a track, road or railway on the upper point of an embankment across ...
ORP Blyskawica (Lightning) is a  which served in the Polish Navy during World War ...
A Liseuse desk is a medium-sized writing table with a small hinged panel in the mi...
