
NODE / DIMENSION  9 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['wied', 'salzwedel', 'santulu', 'demosthenic', 'neaera', 'apollodoros']
	 Keywords (300):  ['iytjenu', 'oyo', 'penyard', 'therminea', 'lathar', 'ugaine']
	 Concept:         Historical Figures and Locations
	 Concept (val):   Historical Locations and Figures. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Traprain Law is a hill   east of Haddington, East Lothian, Scotland.  It is the ...
	 Ritsem, among other things has a hydroelectric plant(320MW,160m) which is locate...
	 Evonium is a purported lost city in Scotland first described by Hector Boece in ...
	 Gwriad ap Elidyr () or Gwriad Manaw was a late-8th century figure in Wales. Very...
	 Jean-Baptiste Assiginack (1768 - 3 November 1866) was an Odawa leader in the ear...
	 Psychrobacter adeliensis is a Gram-negative bacterium of the genus Psychrobacter...
	 Iytjenu (The one who has come distinguished) was an ancient Egyptian king of the...
	 John T. Kewish was born in 1868 in Smithtown, New York, and was the principal cr...
	 The Old Woman and the Wine Jar is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 493 in t...
	 Degel is a town in northern Nigeria.  Once a part of the Hausa city-state of Gob...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100): ['subfamily', 'petrels', 'microweiseinae', 'caerlaverock', 'bugs', 'procellariidae']
	 Keywords (300): ['family', 'subfamily', 'speak', 'genus', 'cayubaba', 'isovanillyl']
	 Concept:        Classification of organisms.
	 Concept (val):  Taxonomy. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In Scandinavian folklore, the mylingar were the phantasmal incarnations of the sou...
Lapwings (subfamily Vanellinae) are any of various ground-nesting birds (family Ch...
Colymbiformes is a disused order of birds that was once used to classify grebes an...
Agelasimines are a group of adenine-related bicyclic diterpenoids isolated from th...
The Chakosi are an Akan people who trace their origin to an area in the Ivory Coas...
Thymichthys is a genus in the handfish family Brachionichthyidae. Like other handf...
Perfluorocarbon emulsions are emulsions containing either bubbles or droplets whic...
Goyeneche Palace may refer to any of a number of palaces in Peru and Spain which a...
Cephalotes frigidus is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes. They are...
The isovanilloids are compounds which possess an isovanillyl group. They include i...
