
NODE / DIMENSION  51 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['buki', 'domino', 'canedense', 'stankovce', 'plakoto', 'zeelst']
	 Keywords (300):  ['buki', 'domino', 'game', 'venanides', 'canedense', 'stankovce']
	 Concept:         Games and Sports.
	 Concept (val):   Games 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Jonchets or onchets is a pick-up sticks game from France played with carved stic...
	 Ip dip is a rhythmic counting-out game with many variations, the purpose of whic...
	 The English Sculling Championship developed out of informal competitions between...
	 Agremiacao Esportiva Canedense, commonly known as Canedense, is a Brazilian foot...
	 OSK Trencianske Stankovce is a Slovak association football club located in Trenc...
	 Sport Vereniging Prakash is a Surinamese football club based in Nieuw Nickerie. ...
	 Anagennisi Larnacas was a Cypriot football club based in Ayios Ioannis of Larnac...
	 Lysimachia maritima is a plant species belonging to the family Primulaceae. It w...
	 Tippit is a Welsh game played with a single coin, that dates back hundreds of ye...
	 VV SHO, or in the long form Voetbalvereniging Steeds Hooger Oud-Beijerland, is a...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['states', 'united', 'president', 'federal', 'ardestan', 'service']
	 Keywords (300): ['states', 'united', 'al', 'government', 'najis', 'obama']
	 Concept:        Government and Military Concepts
	 Concept (val):  Government Initiatives 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Twentieth Amendment (Amendment XX) to the United States Constitution moved the...
The Clinton Doctrine is not an official government statement but an interpretation...
Bomber Command is an organisational military unit, generally subordinate to the ai...
In security studies and international relations, a police action is a military act...
The Navy/Marine Corps Intranet (NMCI) is a United States Department of the Navy pr...
In telecommunications, superframe (SF) is a T1 framing standard.  In the 1970s it ...
Chad holds elections on national level for a head of state - the president -  and ...
Niyyah (Arabic: niyaW@un, variously transliterated niyyah, niyya , "intention") is...
Civil Affairs (CA) is a term used by both the United Nations and by military insti...
Deterrence & Survival in the Nuclear Age, commonly referred to as the Gaither repo...
