
NODE / DIMENSION  413 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['comedy', 'book', 'pun', 'halkett', 'humour', 'joke']
	 Keywords (300):  ['comedy', 'book', 'van', 'satirical', 'et', 'strip']
	 Concept:         Language and Communication
	 Concept (val):   Humor. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 A transpositional pun is a pun format with two aspects. It involves transposing ...
	 "Homesteading the Noosphere" (abbreviated HtN) is an essay written by Eric S. Ra...
	 Tertium comparationis (Latin for "the third [part] of the comparison") is the qu...
	 Funny Money is a farce written by Ray Cooney. It premiered at The Churchill Thea...
	 Isocrates  (;  ; 436-338 BC) was an ancient Greek rhetorician, one of the ten At...
	 "Sierra On-Line is ready to give you both goose bumps and a good laugh this holi...
	 Knights and Knaves is a type of logic puzzle where some characters can only answ...
	 Joe Btfsplk was a character in the satirical comic strip Li'l Abner (published 1...
	 Wit is a form of intelligent humour--the ability to say or write things that are...
	 Brainstorming is a group creativity technique by which efforts are made to find ...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['species', 'genus', 'subfamily', 'gelechioidea', 'family', 'depressariidae']
	 Keywords (300): ['species', 'genus', 'family', 'considered', 'subfamily', 'used']
	 Concept:        Information Sharing.
	 Concept (val):  Concept label: Diversity 

	 Extreme Articles:
Peer review is the evaluation of work by one or more people with similar competenc...
A hotline is a point-to-point communications link in which a call is automatically...
A watch is a portable timepiece intended to be carried or worn by a person. It is ...
A science-fiction fanzine is an amateur or semi-professional magazine published by...
There are many different numbering schemes for assigning nominal numbers to entiti...
In linguistics and etymology, suppletion is traditionally understood as the use of...
Pyrophobia  is a fear of fire, which can be considered irrational if beyond what i...
An Act of Contrition is a Christian prayer genre that expresses sorrow for sins. I...
An open standard is a standard that is openly accessible and usable by anyone. It ...
Blanketing is a term used predominantly in the US to refer to receiver blocking, w...
