
NODE / DIMENSION  132 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100):  ['chryseobacterium', 'gram', 'methylorubrum', 'phacopidae', 'bacteria', 'sulfobacillus']
	 Keywords (300):  ['chryseobacterium', 'bacterium', 'rhagoletis', 'gram', 'negative', 'genus']
	 Concept:         Microorganisms
	 Concept (val):   Biological Taxonomy 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Menegazzia asekiensis is a species of foliose lichen in the family Parmeliaceae....
	 Cladosporium psychrotolerans is a fungus found in hypersaline environments. It g...
	 Mordella elongatula is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family M...
	 Luteimonas aquatica is a species of yellow-pigmented bacteria. It is Gram-negati...
	 Novosphingobium pentaromativorans is a species of high-molecular-mass polycyclic...
	 Deinococcus indicus is a species of arsenic-resistant bacterium. It is Gram-nega...
	 Methylorubrum aminovorans  is a bacterium from the genus Methylorubrum which has...
	 Methylobacterium thuringiense  is a Gram-negative, aerobic, facultatively methyl...
	 Chryseobacterium shandongense  is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped, non-spore-forming...
	 Chryseobacterium gregarium  is a bacterium from the genus Chryseobacterium which...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['financial', 'stock', 'investment', 'upp', 'company', 'borescope']
	 Keywords (300): ['signal', 'financial', 'credit', 'counterparty', 'assets', 'companies']
	 Concept:        Telecommunications.
	 Concept (val):  Financial Services 

	 Extreme Articles:
Bit-synchronous operation is a type of digital communication in which the data cir...
In a multichannel transmission system, drop and insert is a process that diverts (...
In telecommunication, frame synchronization or framing is the process by which, wh...
In telecommunication, a paired disparity code is a line code in which at least one...
The S interface or S reference point, also known  as S0, is a user-network interfa...
A holding company is a company whose primary business is holding a controlling int...
In finance, accrued interest is the interest on a bond or loan that has accumulate...
Cobdenism is an economic ideology (and the associated popular movement) which perc...
R interface or R reference point defines the point between a non-ISDN device and a...
Shareholder value is a business term, sometimes phrased as shareholder value maxim...
