
NODE / DIMENSION  264 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['governorate', 'johanan', 'celaenorrhinus', 'mordella', 'uezd', 'vitebsk']
	 Keywords (300):  ['governorate', 'mordella', 'uezd', 'subdivisions', 'uyezd', 'uttar']
	 Concept:         Diverse historical figures and institutions.
	 Concept (val):   Diverse Topics. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Alexander Numenius (Gr. ), or (according to the Suda) Alexander, son of Numenius...
	 The Council of Laodicea was a regional Christian synod of approximately thirty c...
	 The party plan is a method of marketing products by hosting what is presented as...
	 The Maedi (also Maidans, Maedans, or Medi; ) were a Thracian tribe in antiquity....
	 The Federal University of Juiz de Fora (, UFJF) is a public research university ...
	 The Central-Eastern Malayo-Polynesian (CEMP) languages form a proposed branch of...
	 Moderatus of Gades () was a Greek philosopher of the Neopythagorean school, who ...
	 Esselen was the language of the Esselen (or self-designated Huelel) Nation, whic...
	 Quesnelia edmundoi is a species of flowering plant in the family Bromeliaceae, e...
	 General Kadir Andarabi was one of the top commanders of Ahmed Shah Massoud's Jam...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['village', 'baronetage', 'kiddington', 'road', 'river', 'located']
	 Keywords (300): ['village', 'north', 'near', 'town', 'house', 'road']
	 Concept:        Miscellaneous
	 Concept (val):  Place names. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines maintains close ties to the US, Canada, and the U...
Lankhmar is a fictional city in the Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser stories by Fritz Le...
Nomanisan Island and Nomansan Island are puns on the famous quote by John Donne, "...
Francesco "Frank" Pia is an American lifeguard, recognized in the field for his re...
Ussuri krai () is an unofficial name for a part of Primorsky Krai and Khabarovsky ...
Wayfinding (or way-finding) encompasses all of the ways in which people (and anima...
Kirkjua is a river which runs through the village of Sorvagur in the Faroe Islands...
Juru kunci are the custodians of graveyards and other sites considered sacred in J...
Maximum Destruction, also known as Max-D, is a monster truck team owned by Feld En...
In both science fiction and utopia/dystopian fiction, authors have made frequent u...
