
NODE / DIMENSION  60 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['plant', 'tree', 'frederiksberg', 'methylobacterium', 'carruanthus', 'pathogen']
	 Keywords (300):  ['plant', 'tree', 'bacteria', 'family', 'plants', 'gram']
	 Concept:         Diversity of Topics
	 Concept (val):   Locations and Landmarks. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Qo inhibitors (QoI), or quinone outside inhibitors, are a group of fungicides us...
	 Buddhaghosa was a 5th-century Indian Theravada Buddhist commentator, translator ...
	 In Sweden, a folkpark (approximately "people's park" in English) is a public rec...
	 Bacterial fruit blotch (BFB) affects cucurbit plants around the world and can be...
	 The Lairig Ghru () is one of the mountain passes through the Cairngorms of Scotl...
	 The Raunkiaer system is a system for categorizing plants using life-form categor...
	 The Gnaphalieae are a tribe of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae. It is ...
	 Tsitana dicksoni, the Dickson's sylph, is a butterfly of the family Hesperiidae....
	 Brand (Sachsische Schweiz) is a mountain in the Saxon Switzerland, southeastern ...
	 Agriculture in Sweden differs by region. This is due to different soils and diff...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['animal', 'animals', 'bird', 'species', 'chapelle', 'family']
	 Keywords (300): ['animals', 'animal', 'species', 'family', 'bird', 'genus']
	 Concept:        Animals
	 Concept (val):  Animals and Materials 

	 Extreme Articles:
In Aboriginal mythology (specifically: Arrernte), the Inapertwa are the simple, an...
Stridulation is the act of producing sound by rubbing together certain body parts....
Cernaysia is an extinct genus of mammal from the Paleocene of France and the Unite...
Laridae is a family of seabirds in the order Charadriiformes that includes the sea...
There are seven species of Australasian treecreeper in the passerine bird family C...
Morbillivirus is a genus of viruses in the order Mononegavirales, in the family Pa...
Transcortin, also known as corticosteroid-binding globulin (CBG) or serpin A6, is ...
The bibliographical definition of an edition is all copies of a book printed from ...
The Sauveterrian is the name for an archaeological culture of the European Mesolit...
Symbion pandora is a jug-shaped microscopic aquatic animal that dwells on the mout...
