
NODE / DIMENSION  28 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['baronetage', 'baronetcies', 'created', 'achaval', 'persons', 'nkoroo']
	 Keywords (300):  ['mexico', 'mexican', 'republic', 'states', 'state', 'infochoice']
	 Concept:         Mexico
	 Concept (val):   International Relations. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The puffbirds and their relatives in the near passerine family Bucconidae are tr...
	 Parchis is a Spanish board game of the  original from the Dominican and republic...
	 Perote is a city and municipality in the Mexican state of Veracruz. It serves as...
	 Framhaldsskolinn i Vestmannaeyjum, the comprehensive secondary school of Vestman...
	 The  Rinker Group was an Australian-headquartered multinational building product...
	 "Don Cuco El Guapo" is a pianist robot designed and built at the department of m...
	 Aquismon is a town and municipality in the Mexican state of San Luis Potosi in c...
	 Alida Vazquez (1929-2015) was a Mexican composer who lived and worked in the Uni...
	 The Register of Protected Natural Values of the Republic of Croatia () has been ...
	 En Directo Desde el Otro Lado (Straight from the Other Side) (2007) is the twent...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100): ['montmorillonite', 'gelonioides', 'madhyandina', 'dichapetalum', 'malayic', 'dayak']
	 Keywords (300): ['spoken', 'proto', 'consonantal', 'sound', 'yada', 'phonetic']
	 Concept:        Obscure historical figures and concepts.
	 Concept (val):  Language and culture. 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Bluebook: A Uniform System of Citation is a style guide that prescribes the mo...
Marc'Antonio Ingegneri (also spelled Ingegnieri, Ingignieri, Ingignero, Inzegneri)...
Robert Wever was an English poet and dramatist of the sixteenth century (floruit c...
Saoshyant (Avestan:  saosiiant) is the Avestan language expression that literally ...
Fabius Planciades Fulgentius (early 6th century}}) was a Latin writer of late anti...
Paculla Annia was a Campanian priestess of Bacchus. She is known only through the ...
Dichorisandrinae is a subtribe within the tribe Tradescantieae of the flowering pl...
Celmisia tomentella is a species of perennial herb in the family Asteraceae. Leave...
Uthiyan Cheralathan ("Perum Chottu Uthiyan") is earliest known ruler Chera of earl...
Cantiga da Ribeirinha (also known as Cantiga da Garvaia or Cantiga da Guarvaia) is...
