
NODE / DIMENSION  124 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['states', 'united', 'yf', 'guard', 'uscgc', 'cento']
	 Keywords (300):  ['italy', 'yf', 'states', 'united', 'uscgc', 'pass']
	 Concept:         Information dissemination.
	 Concept (val):   Information and Technology 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Gaul () was a region of Western Europe first clearly described by the Romans, en...
	 Agabus  () was an early follower of Christianity mentioned in the Acts of the Ap...
	 Scouting in Idaho has a long history, from the 1910s to the present day, serving...
	 Scouting in Indiana has a long history, from the 1910s to the present day, servi...
	 A Warhol worm is a computer worm that spreads as fast as physically possible, in...
	 The phrase "What would Jesus do?", often abbreviated to WWJD, became popular par...
	 Business @ the Speed of Thought  is a book written by Bill Gates and Collins Hem...
	 Impressment, colloquially "the press" or the "press gang", is the taking of men ...
	 The regions of Niger are subdivided into 63 departments (). Before the devolutio...
	 The picture superiority effect refers to the phenomenon in which pictures and im...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100): ['mordella', 'tenebrionoidea', 'mordellidae', 'superfamily', 'dorval', 'discovered']
     Keywords (300): ['mordella', 'tenebrionoidea', 'mordellidae', 'superfamily', 'discovered', 'beetle']
     Concept:        Taxonomy.
	 Concept (val):  Beetles. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In phonetics, nasalization (or nasalisation) is the production of a sound while th...
This is page shows results of Canadian federal elections in the outer parts of Tor...
Claude Lajeunesse (born 1941) is a Canadian who is the president and chief executi...
St. Catharines--Brock was a provincial electoral division in Ontario, Canada conta...
Mordella aculeata is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Morde...
Mordella analis is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mordell...
Mordella apicicornis is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mo...
Mordella arcuata is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mordel...
Mordella astuta is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mordell...
Mordella atricolor is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mord...
