
NODE / DIMENSION  78 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['species', 'afrocantharellus', 'fungus', 'family', 'plant', 'grape']
	 Keywords (300):  ['species', 'family', 'plant', 'fungus', 'afrocantharellus', 'grape']
	 Concept:         Food and beverages.
	 Concept (val):   Fungi 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 A syndicate is a self-organizing group of individuals, companies, corporations o...
	 Chambourcin is a variety of grapevine belonging to the Vitis genus in the flower...
	 A ploughman's lunch is an English cold meal based around bread, cheese, and fres...
	 Bhelpuri is a savoury snack originally from India, and is also a type of chaat. ...
	 In economics and decision theory, a small-numbers game is a situation in an olig...
	 Canadice is a cultivar of seedless red grape with a bit of a spicy flavor. It is...
	 A teja () is a dumpling-shaped confection from the Ica Region of Peru. It contai...
	 A division is a type of administrative division of some Asian and African countr...
	 Shrikhand is a traditional sweet of the Indian subcontinent made from strained y...
	 Jallab ( / ALA-LC: jallab) is a type of fruit syrup popular in the Middle East m...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['used', 'weapon', 'pdp', 'use', 'weapons', 'finjan']
	 Keywords (300): ['weapon', 'used', 'use', 'gun', 'firearm', 'designed']
	 Concept:        Miscellaneous
	 Concept (val):  Precision 

	 Extreme Articles:
A firearm is any type of gun designed to be readily carried and used by an individ...
A pencil () is a writing or drawing implement with a solid pigment core in a prote...
is a tile-matching puzzle video game originally released under the name CHAIN SHOT...
Technology is the application of knowledge for achieving practical goals in a repr...
In telecommunication, a cryptochannel is a complete system of crypto-communication...
(, ), which means , is the motto of the monarch of the United Kingdom. It appears ...
Vibroplex is the brand of side-to-side mechanical, semi-automatic Morse key first ...
Pistolet-pulemet (Pistolet-pulemiot) means submachine gun in Russian. The name is ...
A cancelled to order (also called and abbreviated CTO) postage stamp, philatelic s...
Maniple () was a tactical unit of the Roman Republican armies, adopted during the ...
