
NODE / DIMENSION  456 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['town', 'tummal', 'time', 'place', 'kamuy', 'people']
	 Keywords (300):  ['town', 'gens', 'city', 'usually', 'ancient', 'generally']
	 Concept:         Classification
	 Concept (val):   Collecting hobbies. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 ), was likely made during the reign of John VI Kantakouzenos (), as an explanato...
	 The rules of Go have seen some variation over time and from place to place. This...
	 In Scandinavian folklore, the mylingar were the phantasmal incarnations of the s...
	 The heterotrichs are a class of ciliates.  They typically have a prominent adora...
	 I would like to encourage those who leave these types of banners to ensure that ...
	 Intertemporal choice is the study of the relative value people assign to two or ...
	 In sociology, popularity is how much a person, idea, place, item or other concep...
	 A holon (, from , holos, 'whole' and , -on, 'part') is something that is simulta...
	 Leiolopisma is a genus of skinks. Most species occur in the region of New Caledo...
	 A daggerboard  is a retractable centreboard used by various sailing craft. While...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['described', 'family', 'genus', 'monotypic', 'cento', 'species']
	 Keywords (300): ['described', 'company', 'family', 'genus', 'founded', 'species']
	 Concept:        Diversity
	 Concept (val):  Miscellaneous 

	 Extreme Articles:
Grokster Ltd. was a privately owned software company based in Nevis, West Indies t...
The Selectron was an early form of digital computer memory developed by Jan A. Raj...
In mathematics, a k-hyperperfect number is a natural number n for which the equali...
Aldine is an adjective pertaining to Renaissance printer Aldus Manutius, including...
Problems of the following type, and their solution techniques, were first studied ...
The Ascort was an automobile manufactured by Continental Coachwork of Sydney, Aust...
Bantamwork in 18th century England signified a particular style of export lacquerw...
Emine is an Arabic-origin given name used for females in Turkey. It has three majo...
In the theory of superalgebras, if A is a commutative superalgebra, V is a free ri...
Tyndall is the name of an English family taken from the land they held as tenants ...
