
NODE / DIMENSION  211 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

     Keywords (100):  ['acetylgalactosaminyltransferase', 'gm2', 'maeva', 'acanthamoeba', 'diphosphoacetylgalactosamine', 'gm3']
     Keywords (300):  ['acidithiobacillus', 'information', 'human', 'education', 'technology', 'management']
	 Concept:         Knowledge
	 Concept (val):   Diverse Biographical Topics 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Defamation, at a first approximation, is any form of communication that can inju...
	 James Brindley (1716 - 27 September 1772) was an English engineer. He was born i...
	 Human potential is the capacity for humans to improve themselves through studyin...
	 The middle frontal gyrus makes up about one-third of the frontal lobe of the hum...
	 Curiosity (from Latin  "careful, diligent, curious", akin to  "care") is a quali...
	 Development studies is an interdisciplinary branch of social science. Developmen...
	 The history of transport is largely one of technological innovation. Advances in...
	 Sir Thomas Tresham (died 6 May 1471) was a British politician, soldier and admin...
	 Taijin kyofusho (, TKS, for taijin kyofusho symptoms) is a Japanese culture-spec...
	 Acidithiobacillus is a genus of the Acidithiobacillia in the phylum "Pseudomonad...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['term', 'comefrom', 'magliana', 'muscoids', 'ob', 'programming']
	 Keywords (300): ['term', 'used', 'decision', 'legal', 'language', 'order']
	 Concept:        The overarching concept label for these articles is "diverse subjects".
	 Concept (val):  Information Systems. 

	 Extreme Articles:
In United States constitutional law, the political question doctrine holds that a ...
School choice is a term for education options that allow students and families to ...
Campanulales is a valid botanic name for a plant order. It was used in the Cronqui...
Capparales is a botanical name of an order of flowering plants. It was used in the...
Abstract-Type and Scheme-Definition Language (ASDL) is a computer language develop...
The conventional wisdom or received opinion is the body of ideas or explanations g...
A skewer is a thin metal or wood stick used to hold pieces of food together. The w...
Parchis is a Spanish board game of the  original from the Dominican and republic C...
Metafiction is a form of fiction that emphasizes its own narrative structure in a ...
The Interpretation of Music is a book by Thurston Dart. It is described by the Enc...
