
NODE / DIMENSION  69 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['india', 'gewog', 'dohs', 'styrum', 'uttarakhand', 'assembly']
	 Keywords (300):  ['india', 'block', 'panchayat', 'tamil', 'nadu', 'indian']
	 Concept:         Geographical Locations.
	 Concept (val):   Locations in India. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Tellings-Golden MillerCompanies House extract company no 2849795 Tellings Golden...
	 Phyllodes tumors (from Greek: ), are a rare type of biphasic fibroepithelial mas...
	 Pandankary is a hamlet in Edathua Panchayat, Kuttanadu Taluk, Alapuzha (Alleppey...
	 Mandaloceratidae is a family in the nautiloid cephalopod order Discosorida, from...
	 The Hill Fort of Kesroli is a 14th-century fort located in Alwar district, Rajas...
	 Shri Dhokeshwar Mahavidyalaya (), is a college in Takali Dhokeshwar village of P...
	 The Thiruppanandal block is a revenue block in the Thiruvidaimarudur taluk of th...
	 Papanasam block is a revenue block in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district,...
	 K. Ulaganathan is an Indian politician and former Member of the Tamil Nadu Legis...
	 V. Gunaseelan is an Indian politician and was a member of the 14th Tamil Nadu Le...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['cerambycidae', 'bezark', 'photographic', 'larry', 'beetles', 'catalog']
	 Keywords (300): ['cerambycidae', 'bezark', 'photographic', 'larry', 'beetles', 'catalog']
	 Concept:        Insects in the family Cerambycidae.
	 Concept (val):  Insects. 

	 Extreme Articles:
Mohn und Gedachtnis is a 1952 German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan. It ...
Biribellus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the follow...
Otheostethus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the foll...
Piesacus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the followin...
Stenodontes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the follo...
Charmallaspis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the fol...
Praemallaspis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the fol...
Quercivir is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the followi...
Sarifer is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following...
Trichoderes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the follo...
