
NODE / DIMENSION  259 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['game', 'player', 'players', 'card', 'play', 'games']
	 Keywords (300):  ['game', 'players', 'card', 'player', 'games', 'solitaire']
	 Concept:         Games and recreational activities.
	 Concept (val):   Games and gaming. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 A unicycle is a vehicle that touches the ground with only one wheel. The most co...
	 Parques () is the Colombian version of a board game in the cross and circle fami...
	 Scissors is a party game in which the rules of game are hidden from some of the ...
	 TAMSK is a two-player board game designed by Kris Burm. It was originally publis...
	 ZERTZ is the third game in the GIPF Project of seven abstract strategy games.  T...
	 In combinatorial game theory, star, written as * or *1, is the value given to th...
	 In combinatorial game theory, the zero game is the game where neither player has...
	 Line of sight, sometimes written line-of-sight or abbreviated to LoS, is the vis...
	 Lucky Seven is a fast game of competitive solitaire, played with coasters using ...
	 In horse racing, a chute is an extended path increasing the length of a straight...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['politician', 'cabinet', 'stena', 'lexicografia', 'sporocyst', 'lukiiko']
	 Keywords (300): ['politician', 'elected', 'minister', 'nepalese', 'council', 'assembly']
	 Concept:        Information sources.
	 Concept (val):  Distinguished Individuals 

	 Extreme Articles:
The Algemeen Nijmeegs Studentenblad is an independent student magazine for the Rad...
MEMS (Microelectromechanical systems) is the technology of microscopic devices inc...
In telephony, a Switched loop is a circuit that automatically releases a connectio...
The politics of Uganda occurs in an authoritarian context. Since assuming office i...
In electronics, cryoelectronics or cryolectronics is the study of superconductivit...
Liolaemidae are a family of iguanian lizards. They were traditionally included in ...
Scipio Nasica was the name of several members of the Scipiones, a branch of the pa...
Tairo (, "great elder") was a high-ranking official position in the Tokugawa shogu...
The solitary ascidian Herdmania momus is one of the most commonly encountered spec...
Beaconsfield-Baie-D'Urfe is a former borough in the West Island area of Montreal, ...
