
NODE / DIMENSION  64 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['songket', 'nkoro', 'tradition', 'different', 'hewlett', 'unnos']
     Keywords (300):  ['pelargonium', 'traditions', 'used', 'traditional', 'fomentinvest', 'organization']
     Concept:         The concept label that best represents the shared nature of these seemingly disparate articles is "cross-cultural influences".
	 Concept (val):   Abstract concepts of human culture and society. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Malawi's former President Bakili Muluzi continued the pro-Western foreign policy...
	 Structuralism is an intellectual current and methodological approach, primarily ...
	 Initial-stress derivation is a phonological process in English that moves stress...
	 Traditional authority is a form of leadership in which the authority of an organ...
	 The displacement of the traditional culture of Nauru by  contemporary western in...
	 The Johari window is a technique designed to help people better understand their...
	 Organized in 1786 as The Stoughton Musical Society, it is America's oldest perfo...
	 A practice-based research network (PBRN) is a group of practices devoted princip...
	 Servus, and various local variants thereof, is a salutation used in the former A...
	 Regime shifts are large, abrupt, persistent changes in the structure and functio...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['statement', 'decision', 'probabilism', 'risk', 'lockdowns', 'taken']
	 Keywords (300): ['person', 'basilides', 'roadless', 'potential', 'risk', 'statement']
	 Concept:        Concept Label: Diverse Concepts in Various Fields
	 Concept (val):  Risk 

	 Extreme Articles:
The tragedy of the commons is a metaphoric label for a concept that is widely disc...
In a thought experiment proposed by the Italian probabilist Bruno de Finetti in or...
The doctrine of signatures, dating from the time of Dioscorides and Galen, states ...
In United States law, a statement against penal interest is a statement that puts ...
A hypothetical Wutana language was mentioned in early editions of the Ethnologue a...
In the law of property, a pretermitted heir is a person who would likely stand to ...
Dayenu (Hebrew:) is a song that is part of the Jewish holiday of Passover.  The wo...
In mathematics and theoretical computer science, the semi-membership problem for a...
Harries v The Church Commissioners for England [1992] 1 WLR 1241 is an English tru...
This is a list of the Leaders of the British Whig Party. It begins in 1830 as, in ...
