
NODE / DIMENSION  237 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['word', 'meaning', 'leofdaeg', 'figurae', 'ewak', 'oim']
	 Keywords (300):  ['word', 'latin', 'referring', 'terms', 'meaning', 'epithet']
	 Concept:         Language and terminology.
	 Concept (val):   Etymology and language. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Bretwalda (also brytenwalda and bretenanwealda, sometimes capitalised) is an Old...
	 In telecommunication, bit pairing is the practice of establishing, within a code...
	 Alma mater (; : almae matres) is an allegorical Latin phrase used to proclaim a ...
	 Frahang-i Oim-Ewak is an old Avestan-Middle Persian dictionary. It is named with...
	 Post-editing (or postediting) is the process whereby humans amend machine-genera...
	 ExMark is a term describing the relationship between a fund's return and the mar...
	 The Russian-language surname Chizhevsky (feminine: Chizhevskaya) derives from th...
	 Pre-movement time is the time before, and the concomitant events and situational...
	 Afropolitan is a term constructed from the name Africa and the ancient Greek wor...
	 La Plena Pekoteko is a three-volume terminology collection extending to 1,816 pa...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['et', 'des', 'insectes', 'health', 'stekel', 'la']
	 Keywords (300): ['health', 'life', 'people', 'savela', 'markku', 'lepidoptera']
	 Concept:        Concept Label: Diverse Fields/Categories
         Concept (val):  The concept label that best represents the shared nature of these articles
is "diverse cultural and academic topics."
	 Extreme Articles:
The second-system effect or second-system syndrome is the tendency of small, elega...
Connectivity exchange (CONEX):  In an adaptive or manually operated high-frequency...
An ecovillage  is a traditional or intentional community with the goal of becoming...
Sound can be recorded and stored and played using either digital or analog techniq...
Procovery is a proprietary methodology focused on the process of how individuals w...
A check verification service provides businesses or individuals with either the ab...
GenderPAC (the Gender Public Advocacy Coalition) was an LGBT rights organization b...
Futurists (also known as futurologists, prospectivists, foresight practitioners an...
Morphological freedom refers to an alleged or proposed civil right of a human pers...
The Ruckers family (variants: Ruckaert, Ruckaerts, Rucqueer, Rueckers, Ruekaerts, ...
