
NODE / DIMENSION  147 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['objects', 'object', 'wh', 'digital', 'olinala', 'technology']
	 Keywords (300):  ['object', 'objects', 'class', 'dothideomycetes', 'incertae', 'sedis']
	 Concept:         Technology
	 Concept (val):   Information Classification. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 Technology is the application of knowledge for achieving practical goals in a re...
	 In computer programming, lazy initialization is the tactic of delaying the creat...
	 In computer science, an object can be a variable, a data structure, a function, ...
	 Understanding is a cognitive process related to an abstract or physical object, ...
	 In software systems, encapsulation refers to the bundling of data with the mecha...
	 Unboxing is the process of unpacking consumer products, especially high-tech gad...
	 Manufacturing operations concern the operation of a facility, as opposed to main...
	 In classical mechanics, the two-body problem is to predict the motion of two mas...
	 Information Technology Lokam (or IT Lokam) is a monthly computer magazine in Mal...
	 In computer science, a metaobject is an object that manipulates, creates, descri...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['linux', 'windows', 'server', 'operating', 'unix', 'computer']
	 Keywords (300): ['unix', 'linux', 'operating', 'server', 'windows', 'systems']
	 Concept:        Technology.
	 Concept (val):  Computer Science and Technology. 

	 Extreme Articles:
power MOSFETs] in [[D2PAK surface-mount packages. Operating as switches, each of t...
Systems Network Architecture (SNA) is IBM's proprietary networking architecture, c...
HTTPd is a software program that usually runs in the background, as a process, and...
Homeothermy, homothermy or homoiothermy is thermoregulation that maintains a stabl...
Traffic shaping is a bandwidth management technique used on computer networks whic...
A thermostat is a regulating device component which senses the temperature of a ph...
Devnull is the name of a computer worm for the Linux operating system that has bee...
Source-code compatibility (source-compatible) means that a program can run on comp...
The Quote of the Day (QOTD) service is a member of the Internet protocol suite, de...
cfdisk is a Linux  partition editor, similar to fdisk, but with a different, curse...
