
NODE / DIMENSION  473 of 512 

  POSITIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100):  ['species', 'genus', 'family', 'savela', 'markku', 'lepidoptera']
	 Keywords (300):  ['species', 'genus', 'family', 'savela', 'markku', 'lepidoptera']
	 Concept:         Organisms in various taxonomic groups.
	 Concept (val):   Taxonomy. 

	 Extreme Articles:
	 The Heteroptera are a group of about 40,000 species of insects in the order Hemi...
	 The Oxyurini are a tribe of the duck subfamily of birds, the Anatinae. It has be...
	 The pipits are a cosmopolitan genus, Anthus, of small passerine birds with mediu...
	 Cycloneuralia is a clade of ecdysozoan animals including the Scalidophora (Kinor...
	 Thaliacea is a class of marine animals within the subphylum Tunicata, comprising...
	 The Anostomidae are a family of ray-finned fishes that belong to the order Chara...
	 Tragelaphus is a genus of medium-to-large-sized spiral-horned antelopes. It cont...
	 The Doliolida are an order of small marine animals of the subphylum Tunicata. Th...
	 Robiquetia minimiflora, or the tiny-flowered abdominea, is a very rare monopodia...
	 Zoogeography is the branch of the science of biogeography that is concerned with...


  NEGATIVE DIRECTION 

	 Keywords (100): ['children', 'child', 'parents', 'czech', 'son', 'husband']
	 Keywords (300): ['child', 'children', 'parents', 'son', 'parent', 'family']
	 Concept:        Childhood and Parenthood.
	 Concept (val):  Childhood 

	 Extreme Articles:
Pediatrics (also spelled paediatrics or paediatrics) is the branch of medicine tha...
Rubiales was an order of flowering plants in the Cronquist system, including the f...
Baby farming is the historical practice of accepting custody of an infant or child...
A generation refers to all of the people born and living at about the same time, r...
In Maori mythology, Apakura is the wife of Tuhuruhuru, the son of Tinirau. She had...
Romsdal is a traditional district in the Norwegian county More og Romsdal, located...
In computer science, write-ahead logging (WAL) is a family of techniques for provi...
Dobeln is a former district in Saxony, Germany. It was bounded by (from the north ...
"Hush, Little Baby" is a traditional lullaby, thought to have been written in the ...
is a 1964 semi-autobiographical novel by Japanese writer Kenzaburo Oe. It tells th...
